<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>blood of christ, mountain stream - seabiscuit - Agatha All Along (TV)</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="userstuff1" id="chapters">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_4">Chapter 2</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">When she turned the lamp back on, there was a light flashing on the phone indicating a voicemail. Agatha picked up the phone, took it by its long cord to the futon, laid amongst the blankets, and listened.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hi, this is <em class="calibre9">Doctor </em>Jennifer Kale,” Agatha rolled her eyes, “For Agatha Harkness,” a pause, and then Jen continued in a stern rush, “Agatha what the <em class="calibre9">hell </em>do you think you’re doing? Where are you? I went by your apartment this afternoon and you still weren’t there. Listen to me—” a pause and then a deep breath, as if Jen were steadying herself, “—if this doesn’t work out, it doesn’t work out, okay? I don’t know what the hell you’re doing out there but I’m going to take a wild guess that <em class="calibre9">ethically compromised </em>doesn’t even begin to cover it. Leave those poor people alone and come back to Philadelphia, okay? We’ll talk when you get here,” a pause, “Failed lesbian commune? I can’t even—God, whatever. <em class="calibre9">Come home.</em>”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha punched Jen’s number into the phone. She reached for the pack of cigarettes that she’d left on the windowsill and lit one. Jen’s answering machine picked up, “Tag, you’re it,” Agatha said, exhaling smoke through her nose, “Look, unwedge your underwear from your ass. I’m almost there. The older one is definitely intrigued,” she thought for a moment of Rio’s reedy form in her doorway, “And the younger one definitely has a crush on me. I don’t know, I think I can probably leverage that if I’m smart,” she took a deep breath, imagined <em class="calibre9">leveraging it </em>with Rio, and released the thought and the air at the same time, “Anyway, I’ll be home tomorrow, okay, honey? We’ll go to Dirty Frank’s and I’ll tell you all about it. Okay. Alright. Bye bye.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">The next morning, Agatha wandered in the kitchen to find a man using the wall phone, which was alarming for many reasons. Firstly, she was on a lesbian commune. Secondly, he was Amish.</p><p class="calibre7">“Jesus Christ!” She exclaimed, hand to her chest, then: “Fuck me. Uh, sorry—sir.”</p><p class="calibre7">The man turned to her. He looked bewildered.</p><p class="calibre7">“Morning Agatha,” the kid said from the kitchen table, where he was pulling on his boots, “Are you okay? You’re pale.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Kid, come here for a second, would you?” </p><p class="calibre7">He finished pulling on his boots and joined Agatha in the living room, looking pleasantly nonplussed by the situation.</p><p class="calibre7">“Why is there an Amish guy making a call in your kitchen?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh,” William turned back over his shoulder. In the background, there was the faint sound of the man conversing in German, “We let them use our phone sometimes.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Isn’t that illegal?” He shrugged, “Whatever. Where’s Rio? I need to talk to her,” Agatha ran her hands over her face, “I need to—I need to finish up here and go.”</p><p class="calibre7">At this, William’s face grew taut, “She’s out in the barn. I think the vet came for Michael this morning, early.”</p><p class="calibre7">A cratering pit opened up in Agatha’s stomach, “She’s okay, isn’t she?”</p><p class="calibre7">William shrugged, “They’ve been out there for hours, I haven’t heard anything.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha pulled her jeans back on and tromped out across the paddock and to the barn. Lilia was there, perched on a fence outside the door, smoking a cigarette and drinking a mug of coffee. </p><p class="calibre7">Her look was not quite as venomous as it had been, nor was it benign, “William told you about Michael?” She guessed when Agatha approached. When Agatha nodded her head, she said, “Rio and Dr. Wu-Gulliver are inside the barn.”</p><p class="calibre7">Dr. Wu-Gulliver turned out to be a slight, young woman in overalls with a stethoscope around her neck. When Agatha stepped into the barn, she was with Rio by Michael’s pen, taking in a hushed voice. She turned to Agatha. She had a pink streak in her hair.</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, hi,” she began, “You must be the woman from the university.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Word gets around fast out here, doesn’t it?” Agatha went to stand by the pen. She glanced into it and at Michael, who was laying on her side, potbelly heaving, “Is she alright?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio cleared her throat. She had her arms crossed and was regarding Agatha from beneath the brim of her hat, “Remains to be seen.”</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s not well,” Said Dr. Wu-Gulliver, “I can’t say more without an x ray, but the trouble is with her lungs, possibly her esophagus,” she paused uncertainly and her eyes flicked to Rio, who gave her a <em class="calibre9">go ahead </em>sort of look, “Frankly, I’d be surprised if she made it through the next 48 hours.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha, don’t,” Rio said as soon as Agatha looked at her. Her face was drawn and sad, “Now isn’t the time.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Then when is the time?” Agatha retorted, becoming peevish, “This is approaching absurdity.”</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s not absurd,” Rio said, “It’s actually none of your business.”</p><p class="calibre7">“None of my business? I’m trying to help you. I can’t do anything for you if she dies here.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Help me? Or help yourself?”</p><p class="calibre7">They locked eyes for a moment. Rio’s face was as hard as obsidian. Agatha considered how different she seemed from the liquid way she’d stood at Agatha’s door less than 12 hours ago, as if she could have flowed through like a wave.</p><p class="calibre7">“If I may,” said Dr. Wu-Gulliver, “If she gets much worse, or if she stops eating, I do think that euthanasia may be the…kindest option for her,” She paused as if wanting to say more, “I don’t know if that helps.”</p><p class="calibre7">“It definitely helps,” Agatha replied, at the same time that Rio said, “Agatha, could you give Dr. Wu-Gulliver and I a minute alone?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha huffed. But she departed the barn and stepped outside into the paddock.</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia was there, still having her coffee and her cigarette. She took in Agatha’s nettled appearance with a keen eye and said, “No luck?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha sidled up to the fence beside her. She was considering her options, which were not many. Seduction suddenly seemed like such a far island to swim toward. </p><p class="calibre7">“Be honest with me,” she said, staring out into the middle distance, “The money doesn’t tempt you at all?” She turned to Lilia then, squinting against the sun, “Not even a little bit?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well, of course it does,” Lilia replied, “I’m not stupid. But Rio, you have to understand, is…” she flapped her hand vaguely, smoke wafting around as she did,  “She’s got a way about her.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “A way?”</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia said, “A spooky way.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Ah, sure,” Agatha nodded her head, “A spooky way.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You really haven’t noticed?” She asked, which nettled Agatha even further, like a cat in a bathtub. </p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t pay that much attention to Rio.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Ah,” Lilia lifted her eyebrow and took a long sip of her coffee, “Okay. Well, Rio is just…she listens. Or she hears. I don’t know. She’s just always had a clear sense of the way things ought to be,” she paused, a look of consideration on her face, “When she has a strong feeling about things like this, I tend to listen to her.”</p><p class="calibre7">All at once, Agatha realized that she <em class="calibre9">had </em>noticed. And that noticing set off such a foul wave of desire in her—or, worse, perhaps it could have been tenderness wearing desire’s pelt—that she pinched the skin at the back of her hand to silence it. </p><p class="calibre7">“You listen to her,” Agatha repeated, “But don’t you want this place to live? I mean, you’ve been here for what—30 years? I can’t imagine.”</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia pursed her lips. She drained her coffee, snubbed her cigarette, and hopped off the fencepost, tucking the butt into the breast pocket of her over shirt, “Come on,” she said, “I’ll make you breakfast in the house.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You don’t have to do that,” Agatha said, following her as she took off toward the house. She wasn’t sure if she was ready for them to cease being enemies quite yet, “Is there a Wawa around here? I can just—”</p><p class="calibre7">“William’s right, this is good practice for when we have real guests.”</p><p class="calibre7">They walked side by side in silence for a moment. Lilia produced another cigarette and stuck it between her lips, lighting it.</p><p class="calibre7">“I guess I know where those cigarettes came from,” Agatha commented, and when Lilia gave her a curious look, she elaborated, “There’s a pack of American Spirit blues in the farm office.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Not mine, sweetheart. I only smoke menthols,” she took a drag and exhaled, “Rio smoked American Spirits,” her eyes narrowed, “She told me she quit.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Ah,” Agatha said, a small tightness in her chest, “Maybe I’m misremembering.”</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia didn’t look convinced, “I don’t think she’s going to live very long.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Michael,” they walked on a ways, “So why not just take her body?”</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s worth basically nothing to me dead. And nothing to you. You’d be better off having her stuffed and selling her to a collector.”</p><p class="calibre7">They’d reached the front door, “I’ll talk to Rio before dinner,” Lilia said, “But, by the way, if you care to know, that’s why she won’t sell her to you. Just in case you were curious.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha passed the day doing nothing much of value. She ate with Lilia and walked about the farm, through the paddock, out to the fields where willowy stocks of corn stood still in want of a breeze.</p><p class="calibre7">She found William picking cherry tomatoes in a smaller garden. He gave her a handful and laughed when she said, “Not enough pesticides,” although  they were, in truth, the best she’d ever tasted.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha read a paperback from the bookshelf in the farm office and dozed on the futon until dinner time. When she emerged into the kitchen, William was cooking at the stove.</p><p class="calibre7">“Where are Lilia and Rio?” Agatha asked. She refused to say <em class="calibre9">Mama Lil.</em></p><p class="calibre7">“Out back talking,” William replied. He had a washcloth thrown over his shoulder and removed it to wipe his hands on. At just that moment, the kitchen door opened and Lilia and Rio emerged in silence. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha couldn’t read the expressions on their faces, though Rio didn’t exactly seem shocked to see her still in her home. She regarded Agatha from the corner of her eye as she went to the fridge.</p><p class="calibre7">“How’s Michael?” Agatha asked.</p><p class="calibre7">“Still alive,” Rio replied, “Want a beer?”</p><p class="calibre7">They ate mostly in silence. William made a few passes at conversation but was ultimately rebuffed. After a while, he seemed to give in to the tension at the table and stopped trying.</p><p class="calibre7">There was a shuffling around after dinner; a putting away of plates, a hemming and hawing around the possibility of desert, a pondering over whether to play a board game. Somewhere in the fray, Agatha realized Rio had slipped out the back door. </p><p class="calibre7">“I’m going to go out for a smoke,” Agatha said, before slipping away herself.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio wasn’t hard to find. She hadn’t gone far from the house, but was sitting on an old tree stump a few feet away. Agatha paused and took in the silhouette of her back, her hair hanging loose around her shoulders. Then she approached.</p><p class="calibre7">“Jesus,” said Rio when she felt Agatha beside her. Her hand flew to her chest. “You are sneaky. God.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Is this your brooding stump?” Agatha asked. Rio squinted up at her.</p><p class="calibre7">“I was looking for some peace and quiet,” for a moment, they lingered and listened without speaking. There were cicadas, there were bullfrogs. It was not quiet by any stretch of the imagination.</p><p class="calibre7">“The kid said that you and Lilia talked.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Do you ever get exhausted by yourself?” Rio asked. She gathered her knees under her chin and stared off into the middle distance, “Because I’m exhausted.”</p><p class="calibre7">“All the time,” Agatha admitted, “It’s just the way I was born. My mother was like this too. Maybe it’s a familial curse.”</p><p class="calibre7">She felt Rio turn to look at her, but Agatha did not give into the urge to look back. </p><p class="calibre7">“I was going to go down to the barn to try and feed Michael,” Rio said after a moment, “If you’d like to join me.”</p><p class="calibre7">They went together to the attached garage, which had a ratty couch and a fridge from which Rio produced a bottle of formula with a rubber nipple. “Alice brought this,” she said, and Agatha deduced that she was talking about Dr. Wu-Gulliver.</p><p class="calibre7">Once the bottle was secured, they alighted together over the vast, buzzing field. In the city, everything was close at hand. Out there, the world seemed just as limitless as it really was, its curve and truth obscured only by a threadbare curtain of fireflies. The air was warm and damp. Agatha shivered anyway.</p><p class="calibre7">The animals were sleeping when they arrived, illuminated by a bare bulb hanging from the ceiling of the barn. None too disturbed by Agatha and Rio passing by to the last pen, where Michael and her mother rested.</p><p class="calibre7">“This might take a minute,” Rio warned her, and handed Agatha the bottle. True enough, when she stepped into the pen, Michael’s mother chuffed and stepped over toward her daughter, who was curled and dozing in a pile of hay, “Her last two calves were stillborns,” Rio explained as she took the larger cow’s head gently in her hands and cooed to her, “So she’s very protective of Michael.”</p><p class="calibre7">Eventually Rio was able to extract Michael and carried her pressed to her chest, legs dangling down and heads resting on her shoulder, out of the pen. Agatha watched all of this transpire with a lifted brow, “Did any of them have extra heads?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Not that I saw,” Rio brought Michael to the back wall of the barn and slid down until she was sitting and cradling her in her lap. Agatha sat beside her, handing over the bottle.</p><p class="calibre7">“Extra growths? Anything odd?”</p><p class="calibre7">“We weren’t exactly performing full body examinations,” She held Michael’s dozy body to her front awkwardly, Michael’s bottom on her lap and her heads up near Rio’s shoulder like a toddler, and offered the bottle to one of her mouths. Rio’s brow was furrowed in concentration as she angled her head to see if Michael was taking to it, “Damn it,” She muttered when, instead of nursing, Michael turned away, “Alice made this look easier than it is.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Can I try?” Agatha asked, “You’re doing horrible, full offense.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio eyed her, “You think you could do better?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I could dump the formula on her head and it would be better than what you’re doing.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio passed Michael over to Agatha without saying anything else. Agatha hesitated only for a second before accepting the calf into her own lap and taking the bottle into her right hand. For a surreal moment, she sat still and felt Michael’s body against her. </p><p class="calibre7">Her fur touched Agatha’s stomach where the cropped shirt rode up. Agatha could feel that baby potbelly moving with her breaths. She could smell the soft animal stink of her. Without realizing what she was doing, she flexed the arms that held her so that she was embracing Michael closer to her.</p><p class="calibre7">“Are you okay?” Rio asked after a moment. Agatha chanced a sideways glance and regretted it immediately. She turned her attention back to Michael, which was not much better.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m fine,” Agatha responded. She began to arrange her body; she moved her knees up underneath Michael’s stomach so that she was propped into a standing position, wrapping an arm around her to steady her. With the hand that wasn’t holding the bottle, she reached beneath Michael’s chins and urged them toward the rubber nipple. </p><p class="calibre7">She guided it toward Michael’s more developed mouth. Michael chuffed and twitched as if to move her heads away, but Agatha kept them in place. Then, on instinct, she began to stroke her underneath her chin. </p><p class="calibre7">“Go on,” Agatha murmured, a tugging starting up in an unfamiliar place in her heart. A place that she had not thought about since she was a little girl and still felt emotions like the one she was feeling then, fresh and painful, new and confusing. She caressed and she nudged the bottle and finally Michael took to it with one of her mouths and began to suckle. A breath left Agatha that she had not realized she’d been holding.</p><p class="calibre7">“Holy shit,” said Rio.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha laughed incredulously, looking down at the calf, who was now nursing noisily. She could feel a wet spot beneath her fingers where milk was seeping onto Michael’s chins. </p><p class="calibre7">“God, you were hungry, weren’t you?” Agatha murmured. Rio shuffled in further to watch, until their shoulders were pressed together.</p><p class="calibre7">“I can’t believe it,” she said. They watched together in silence. Michael ate and ate and ate, “Isn’t she beautiful?” </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha didn’t think so. She found Michael to be ugly and strange. She found Michael to be nothing more than a doomed oddity, an unfortunate misprint. She found— “She is,” Agatha murmured, her voice thick with an emotion she could not name, “You are beautiful. You poor thing,” she murmured to Michael, who had drunk the bottle near to the end, “Poor little Michael. Poor you.”</p><p class="calibre7">When the milk was gone, Agatha said: “Give me your shirt,” And Rio relinquished her overshirt in an instant. Agatha used it to sop the milk from Michael’s face. Rio endured this without complaint.</p><p class="calibre7">Somewhere in the background, Michael’s mother mooed indignantly. Agatha wondered if she was aware enough to know that they had just taken her job, aware enough to feel bereft by her own inability to do what Agatha had just done, “Alice is coming tomorrow,” Rio said after a moment, “And we’re going to—she thinks it’s best to put her down. Here, with her mother.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha jerked away so that their shoulders were no longer touching. The warm press of Michael’s body no longer felt comforting. She set the empty bottle down beside her and began to heft the animal back into Rio’s arms, “Take her back,” she ordered, and stood. </p><p class="calibre7">Rio carried Michael back into her pen while Agatha stood with her arms crossed, still clutching Rio’s milk-wet shirt. “Lilia talked to you?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Me and Lilia spoke, yes.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And this is still what you decided?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha,” Rio stepped from the pen and shut the gate behind her. Overhead, the bulb swung slightly, casting strange shadows across the barn, “You were never entitled to this.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’d hoped you would see reason.”</p><p class="calibre7">“See reason?” Rio began to walk out of the barn, Agatha trailing behind her, “What reason?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t know, Rio,” they flung themselves into the dark, wiery night, “Ten thousand dollars to help humanity and reach the exact same goddamn conclusion that you were going to anyway.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio stopped and pivoted around so fast that they almost smacked into each other. The barn was then a glowing beacon behind them; the house a glowing beacon ahead. They stood as a hot fleck between those two moors, “Help humanity. You want to help humanity, that’s why you want her?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yes, yeah. Of course.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Because it seems to me from reading those papers that you could stand to make a lot of money from her,” Rio continued, “Amongst other things.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You made it to the conflicts of interest section. Goody for you,” Agatha tossed Rio’s soiled shirt into her chest and stomped forward, past her, toward the house, “Forget it, Rio. It’s your loss.”</p><p class="calibre7">“My loss? <em class="calibre9">My </em>loss?” Agatha heard Rio’s footfalls in the grass behind her, “All I’m trying to do is clarify that she’s not helping humanity, she’s helping <em class="calibre9">you</em>.”</p><p class="calibre7">In a second, Agatha hated Rio so bad she almost forgot that she’d ever liked her. Her heart flashed hot and angry. This time she was the one who stopped and spun, but Rio seemed to anticipate her. She stood as still as a brick wall, holding her shirt to her chest, holding the empty bottle in her other hand, “Both. It’s both, okay? Can you understand that? Maybe not, because I guess everything has to be black and white to you people.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Us <em class="calibre9">people</em>?”</p><p class="calibre7">“You salt of the earth womyn’s land greenpeace hippie assholes. God, I’m so <em class="calibre9">sick </em>of this. Oh, that’s real nice. Run away. Where are you going this time?” </p><p class="calibre7">Rio had begun to walk again, closing in on the garage. The rolling door was still half open. She ducked under it, but Agatha remained outside. “I’m putting my shirt in the laundry machine.” Rio called.</p><p class="calibre7">“Fine. Whatever, I’m leaving. I’ve got nothing else to do here.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Be my guest.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha ducked underneath the garage door. Inside, Rio was bent in front of an ancient washing machine, the bottle sitting on top of it next to a jug of detergent, throwing her shirt inside. </p><p class="calibre7">“I just need you to know that you’re sick in the head,” Agatha spat, “You’re an idiot. Ten thousand dollars would change your life.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio straightened, turned. She took two steps toward Agatha. There were no lights on in the garage, and so her face was not perceptible until she was so close that Agatha could smell the formula stink that clung to her, “Why the hell does this make you so angry?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha did not shrink away. “Why? Why? Because of everything I just said, that’s why.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I can’t do this with you anymore,” Rio said, “Just get in your car, go home, go to the Motel 6, drive off a cliff, I don’t care. You aren’t welcome here anymore.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha stared at her for a long, tight instant. Rio was as close as she had been the previous night, but so much less open to her. Agatha wanted to pry her apart and suck her insides out. She imagined holding a mouthful of Rio like the brine of an oyster. Licking her clean from her hard palate. Taking her in one swallow, “It would change Lilia’s too, wouldn’t it? This place is her life, her legacy. And it seems to me like you’re gambling it away on intuition and a very naive sense of what’s good and what’s bad in the world.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s face shifted and she tilted back, if only imperceptibly. She looked at Agatha. Then, she put her hands on the hem of her t-shirt and pulled that, too, from her body. </p><p class="calibre7">“What the hell?” Said Agatha.</p><p class="calibre7">“It got formula on it,” Rio turned only for long enough to throw the shirt into the laundry machine. She reached for the detergent as if considering starting the load there in the middle of the argument, but apparently thought better of it and swung back to Agatha, “You don’t know anything about us, by the way,” she said, gesturing with one index finger of one hand, the detergent hanging from the index finger of the other.</p><p class="calibre7">“Don’t I? You can’t be the only person who gets to stand here and make assumptions about people you don’t know,” Agatha tried to keep her eyes off Rio’s body, which was willowy but obviously strong, or her breasts, which were pert and covered by a brown sports bra. “Could you put that detergent down? It’s like you’re threatening to hit me with it.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You can’t tell me what to do,” said Rio, but put the detergent to the side anyway. She approached Agatha with the energy of a woman possessed, of an angry ghost. When she was close enough for Agatha to see her face again, her eyes were dark, hard little pebbles, “This is <em class="calibre9">my </em>house. You don’t have to like me. You don’t have to agree with the things that I do.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Good,” replied Agatha, “Because I don’t.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re—” Rio seemed to deflate, “—you looked so happy when you were holding Michael. For a second, I thought—fuck me, I dunno.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha’s body responded to the idea that Rio had looked at her and seen her in that moment like it might’ve to a punch. She didn’t flinch, but just barely did she avoid it. <em class="calibre9">She has a sense of the way things ought to be. </em>Fuck Lilia. Fuck this whole spooky place.</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re a kid.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m not a kid.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You think you know how the world works but you don’t. You think you know why I’m doing what I’m doing, but you don’t know that either. You’ve got no idea.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You know, for a while, I was sure you were angry because—I don’t know why,” Rio moved again, spectral again, possessed. Against her will, Agatha liked her like this, dispossessed of herself, like she couldn’t control her body, “But now I think it just makes you mad that I won’t give her up just because she’s strange. You’re mad that that doesn’t make any sense to me and that it never did,” suddenly, to Agatha’s horror, Rio’s demeanor softened. <em class="calibre9">No, </em>she wanted to say, <em class="calibre9">no, you need to stay angry, </em>“She matters in her own right. Not just because of what she can do for people. She’s a fuckin’ cow—she doesn’t even understand.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You are so annoying,” Agatha spat. She pinched the back of her hand, again and again. She was going to bruise herself. Her eyes flicked to Rio’s mouth.</p><p class="calibre7">“And you’re mean like a cornered dog,” Rio replied, still wearing that terrible kindness like a shroud, “Biting because you don’t see any other way out. You’re all out of tricks, Agatha. That I do understand.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha reached out with her bruised hand and cupped the back of Rio’s neck much like she’d grabbed her shirt the previous morning. This time, she pulled her forward and kissed her. </p><p class="calibre7">She reared back a second later. As far as last tricks went, this one did buy her a couple of seconds as Rio reeled in front of her, shirtless and startled. Agatha considered that she might leave—flee the garage, flee the farm. Drive down highway 222 until highway 222 became Philadelphia, forget about this folly as some sort of dream.</p><p class="calibre7">But Rio returned to her before she could take a single step in any direction. She put her hands on Agatha’s waist and leaned in and kissed her again, and Agatha threw her arms around Rio’s shoulders like they’d done this a million times before. </p><p class="calibre7">In that second Agatha realized with disgrace that it had all come too easily for it to ever have been a trick. Or maybe it was just a particularly adept one. She was, after all, a dog that was familiar with corners. </p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s tongue in her mouth, the taste of cheap beer, her hair against Agatha’s forearm. They stumbled to the couch and Agatha pulled Rio down on top of her until she was sitting and Rio was straddling her lap. She felt the muscles of Rio’s shoulders, then her back, let her fingers find their way under the strap of her sports bra. Dug her nails into the skin there. She felt Rio’s stomach against her stomach and thought briefly of Michael, then scuttled the thought away to the dark corner of her mind where those things tended to live. </p><p class="calibre7">Rio kissed her like she was still pretty angry and trying to punish Agatha for her mounting tresspasses, or trying to continue their argument in some new medium. Her body moved that way too, jerky and sudden, as if every gesticulation was an act against her free will. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha wondered if she knew it when her hips started to grind down into Agatha’s lap, or if it was just instinct. She pushed her own hips up to test the theory and Rio sighed into her mouth, just once, before tearing herself away.</p><p class="calibre7">She stared down at Agatha with strands of hair falling into her face and an expression of deranged pleasure. </p><p class="calibre7">“I thought you said it wouldn’t be worth the time to teach me.”</p><p class="calibre7">“My schedule recently opened up,” said Agatha. She plucked at one of the straps of Rio’s bra, “Take this off.”</p><p class="calibre7">For an instant, it seemed as though she might not. But of course she did, in the end. Rio puffed her hair from her face with a gust of breath and pulled the bra from her body and revealed her chest, and her nipples sitting tightly on her breasts. Untouched. Begging for touch. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha moved and kissed her collarbone, hot and open-mouthed, her hand splayed open against Rio’s shoulderblades to keep her close like one might hold a skittish animal. She licked down Rio’s sternum and took a nipple in her mouth and sucked and felt Rio’s body wriggle like a puppet jerked on its strings. </p><p class="calibre7">Her skin tasted beautifully of sweat. Agatha thought of the tomatoes she’d eaten earlier that day, thought that she could have consumed Rio in much the same way, pretending the whole time that she liked it less than she really did. Rio started to move her hips again, gyrating, and this time when Agatha mirrored her she only whimpered and muttered: <em class="calibre9">this is so fucked up, </em>but didn’t stop.</p><p class="calibre7">She pressed down, Agatha pressed up. Both motions were frustrated by Rio’s jeans, which kept them from consummating the action fully. But by then Agatha had switched her attention to Rio’s other breast, was sucking and biting and cupping the other one in her palm so that it didn’t get cold, and Rio was being very vocal about the fact that some of it or all of it was coming together very nicely for her. </p><p class="calibre7">Rio made jagged little noises of pleasure and used one hand to hold Agatha’s head to her chest and the other to brace herself against the back of the couch. Her thrusting became harder and harder and then lost its rhythm altogether, and the noises stopped too, and Agatha realized that her breathing had gone with them. </p><p class="calibre7">She released Rio’s nipple and tilted her chin up and drank in the expression on Rio’s face, slack-jawed and otherwise tight with concentration, “Jesus,” Agatha breathed. Her bottom lip was caught on the skin of Rio’s breast. She shot a hand down to Rio’s waist to help her grind, “Are you about to come in your jeans?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck. Fuck!” Rio stopped and pushed Agatha away, shoved herself off of her lap, landed somewhere on the other cushion panting and red-faced. She covered her face with her hands. Her chest was glistening with Agatha’s spit, “God, what the fuck was that?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Are you okay?” Agatha turned to her, head fuzzy, “Did you—”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio was trembling, her nipples still hard. She removed her hands and looked to Agatha with an expression of astoundment on her face, as if Agatha had just executed a mystifying card trick, “How did you do that?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “I think maybe if you’d let yourself come, you might be thinking straighter right now.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m thinking very clearly, thank you,” replied Rio, who looked like an animal about to chew its own leg off, “I can’t believe I fell for that. I never thought of myself as stupid before. Am I stupid, do you think?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha thought that wherever there was horniness stupidity was not far behind, but did not fault Rio for this, nor did she say so, “Fell for what?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio said, “Fucking me isn’t going to make me change my mind.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “That’s not why I’m doing it.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You told me yourself that you’re an awful liar.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha blinked back at her. Now that she’d seen Rio’s weakness it was difficult to shake the scent of her, like a hunter following the tracks of a wounded animal, “And an easy negotiator.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio stood from the couch and went to the washing machine. There was a basket of laundry on the dryer beside it, waiting to be folded. She started to rifle through it.</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio,” Agatha said. Rio ignored her, “<em class="calibre9">Rio,</em>” she tried again, and this time Rio turned, a white shirt clutched in one hand. There was a hickey blooming on her right breast, just above her nipple. Agatha ran her tongue over her lips. </p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck you,” Rio barked out in a harsh, half-whisper, “Fuck you for coming here. Fuck you for thinking you could just <em class="calibre9">take </em>something from me—that I would just <em class="calibre9">give </em>you—” Apparently Agatha was not the only person walking around and begrudging people things, Jesus Christ.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha rose from the couch and went to her. She wondered if this was better or worse than the moment that Rio seemed to look at her and understand completely why Agatha was there. Better or worse than when Rio kissed her back, which seemed to Agatha to mean that she understood and still wanted. </p><p class="calibre7">She placed a hand over Rio’s chest where the hickey was and Rio accepted this touch without moving. It gentled her, like a skittish horse.</p><p class="calibre7">“I can’t take anything from you that you don’t give me,” she said, “Does that make you feel any better?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m not giving you anything.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Alright,” Agatha agreed affably. She began to stroke her thumb over Rio’s skin, “So don’t. So no problem, then.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s head dipped as if she was fixing for another kiss, but paused only halfway there. Agatha watched her face with a hawkish intensity. </p><p class="calibre7">“I’m not giving you anything,” she said again. Whispered, really. This time it came out as a question, like she was asking Agatha whether she would or wouldn’t. </p><p class="calibre7">“You weren’t wrong about me being happy when I fed Michael. I was happy. It’s a miracle she’s alive. It’s a miracle for her to eat,” she paused her speaking, but kept stroking with her thumb, “I think the only person who might want Michael worse than me is you. And—”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s chest was moving rapidly, like breathing was becoming difficult for her, “And?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well, I never met anybody who wanted something as badly as I do before. And it goes without saying,” Agatha said, “That you take very good care of her.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s chest stopped moving. She’d stopped breathing, for one stuttering second, and then she leaned forward, and Agatha thought for sure that it was all over and that she’d won and suffered a moment of such exaltation and disappointment that she thought she might not survive it.</p><p class="calibre7">And then, Rio jerked back. She clenched her face as if trying to clear her head. She put on her shirt, “I’m going to bed,” she said, and departed to the door that connected the garage to the main house.</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio—” They poured into the hallway, and then into the living room, which was quiet and still. Rio stopped them in front of the staircase and turned Agatha.</p><p class="calibre7">“Don’t follow me.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I have to get my things if I’m leaving, don’t I?” Agatha paused. She looked down to the front of Rio’s shirt. There was a dark spot seeping through where her spit hadn’t completely dried. Rio followed her gaze and her face reddened prettily and Agatha again felt the impulse of a hunter, “You really want me to go?”</p><p class="calibre7">The hallway light upstairs was on and it spilled down the staircase. Half of Rio’s face was in light, the other half was in shadow. There was no noise above them. Rio put her hand on the bannister and gripped it.</p><p class="calibre7">“I can’t wrap my mind around you, Agatha,” She was talking quieter now that they were in the house, “I should have called the cops on you within ten minutes of you coming here. Now you’ve been here for three days. Every time you’re close to me I start acting in ways I don’t understand,” her face clouded again, “I don’t know what’s going to happen to me if we have sex.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha had never been wetter, “And you’re not even a little bit curious?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s lips parted, her eyes flashed. On the bannister, Agatha saw her knuckles whiten, then release, “I’m going upstairs,” she said, “And I think you should get your things and go home.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha took a deep breath, released it, and held her hands up in surrender, “Okay, okay,” she said, and began to walk past Rio and toward the guest room, “Five minutes and I’m out of your hair.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s brow furrowed, “Seriously?” Agatha stopped where she was.</p><p class="calibre7">“Seriously what?”</p><p class="calibre7">“That’s it—you’re leaving just like that?”</p><p class="calibre7">After an incredulous pause, Agatha said: “Are you seriously angry that I’m not forcing you to have sex with me right now?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio? Is that you?” it was Lilia’s voice from the top of the stairs, “What the hell are you still doing up? Is that Agatha with you?”</p><p class="calibre7">“We’re fine, Lil, just talking,” Rio didn’t take her eyes off of Agatha. She jerked her chin to signal that they should go to the farm office, “I’ll be up in a sec.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Don’t be too long,” Lilia called, and put the upstairs hallway light out.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha had grown dizzy with all of the starting and stopping, and uncertain anymore what her own motives were. Inside the farm office, Rio turned on the desk lamp and then sat on Agatha’s unmade bed, looking up at her.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m not this kind of person,” she began with a curious defensiveness, as if to an accusation that Agatha hadn’t made, “I’m not a silly person.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Could’ve fooled me.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Stop it,” Rio said, and Agatha gentled her face, took a step forward.</p><p class="calibre7">“Alright,” Agatha mollified her, “I’m sorry.” She reached for Rio’s cheek and cradled it in her hand and Rio closed her eyes and turned into the touch, like a flower searching for sunlight. She moved with that same soft, eager desperation that she’d had in Agatha’s lap. Agatha wondered, if she pressed her thumb to the seam of Rio’s lips, if Rio would suck.</p><p class="calibre7">“Do you still think this is a trick?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio considered her. When she spoke, half of her mouth moved against the skin of Agatha’s palm, “I want you to tell me that you want it.”</p><p class="calibre7">Without hesitation, Agatha said, “I want it,” But chose not to point out that Rio hadn’t asked the more appropriate question, which would have been why <em class="calibre9">do </em>you want it. </p><p class="calibre7">“I want you to tell me that you want it just as bad as I do.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Don’t you want to find that out yourself?” Agatha asked, as if she was proposing a very fun game the two of them could play. She did press her thumb to Rio’s mouth then, and to her pleasure, Rio parted her lips and took the digit into her mouth as if by inborn reflex. She sucked. She moaned when she sucked. She dipped her head to take more of the finger, coughed, and pulled away.</p><p class="calibre7">And then Rio was up on her knees, she was pulling Agatha’s shirt from her head. She was kissing Agatha’s neck and popping the button of Agatha’s jeans and Agatha knew there would be no more starting and stopping and that they had committed to this, whatever it was. </p><p class="calibre7">“Take off your jeans and underwear,” Agatha demanded once she was dressed down into only her panties. Rio, a literalist, did just that, but left her shirt and her socks in place.</p><p class="calibre7">Clamoring on top of Rio in the futon felt different than feeling her up on the couch. More serious somehow, as if earlier had been nothing but talk. Agatha kissed Rio, then scooted down to prop herself up beside her thighs, eye level with the dark hair between her legs. Her shirt was pushed up past her belly button and underneath her breasts.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha trailed her fingers along the exposed skin and felt a sympathetic shiver in her own body when goosebumps broke out, “I have to tell you,” she began, still transfixed on Rio’s stomach, “That I am not a cuddler. And you won’t be sleeping here after this is finished.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Really? But you seem so sentimental.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha put one of her hands to Rio’s knee and urged her to spread her legs and she did with little encouragement, revealing herself completely. She was young and unashamed and Agatha again felt an answering shiver in her body.</p><p class="calibre7">“And, by the way, as an almost 40 year old woman, we’re not going to be doing this all night. I need my beauty rest,” Rio snickered and her stomach trembled with it and Agatha smiled and bit it back a second later, although the only person she was fooling was herself, “Given your relative lack of experience I thought that it was worth mentioning.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’ve had sex before,” Rio said, sitting up on her forearms. She sounded childishly aggrieved by the implication, which gave Agatha a little thrill, “Some would say a lot of sex.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh yeah?” Still propped up between Rio’s legs, Agatha said, “What kind?”</p><p class="calibre7">“All kinds,” And then Agatha tilted her head down towards Rio’s cunt. She observed it for a moment. Spread open, waiting. Then she gathered her saliva in her mouth and spat downward on it. When it connected with her clit, Rio’s hips jumped and she squeaked, “Oh, man.” Like she was Dennis the Menace or something, which had Agatha questioning her sanity as to how she ended up here at all.</p><p class="calibre7">“What kinds?” Agatha repeated, still fixated between Rio’s legs, still watching her spit glisten wetly. Watching it drip down the side of her. </p><p class="calibre7">“Uh,” Rio shook her head faintly as if to clear it, “Kissing—”</p><p class="calibre7">“Kissing is sex?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Are you serious?” Rio’s hips shifted again. Agatha saw her twitch, saw her cunt clench and relax as she tried to make herself comfortable, “Fingering. Oral. Strap—”</p><p class="calibre7">“Giving or receiving?” Agatha looked away from her pussy back to her face, which was also pink and a little tortured-looking, “Can I guess?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Can you—” Rio laughed and then shut her eyes, tilting her head back, “—sure, Agatha. You can guess.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I bet you give a lot because that’s what other people expect you to do,” Agatha turned back to Rio’s need, slipped three fingers into her mouth, then brought them down to stroke over Rio’s clit. She rested her cheek against Rio’s knee and watched her fingers spreading into a vee, dragging against the sides of her clit, retreating. “But you wish somebody would offer to fuck you. It’s just that nobody has yet.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, man,” Rio moaned. From the corner of her eye Agatha saw her fall backward and cover her face with her hands, “Oh, shit. Uh, what?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Do you like fucking women?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yes. Definitely yes,” Rio’s voice was muffled by her hands.</p><p class="calibre7">“Me too,” Agatha said, and then leaned in and took Rio’s clit into her mouth. Rio made a fractured gasping noise and her hips lifted so hard that Agatha thought she might hit her nose. She kept it there against her tongue, sucking just slightly, and then pulled back. Her mouth and Rio’s flesh parted with a wet smack, “Mm,” Her tongue poked out and lashed at her lower lip.</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, wow, um,” Rio squirmed, so eager that it was spilling from her perfect body. The tail wagging the dog, right in front of Agatha’s eyes. Her stomach twitched, “How did you figure all of that?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t know,” Agatha admitted, “Maybe it’s just a fantasy. You’d look good taking it.” </p><p class="calibre7">“Holy shit,” Rio gasped, and Agatha saw her twitch again. She did not give into the desire to plunge inside of Rio and fuck all of those <em class="calibre9">wow</em>s and <em class="calibre9">oh man</em>s out of her. “Come here.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha did as she was told before she realized she was doing it. Maybe that was the first sign of surrender of many to come. Maybe the next was when she rolled their bodies so that Rio was straddling her so that she could better see Rio’s figure, her face.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio put a hand flat on Agatha’s sternum, between her breasts, and pushed her hips down. This time, Agatha could feel the wet drag of her against her lower stomach and they both moaned and Agatha pushed up like there was a chance she really could fuck her like that. </p><p class="calibre7">“Do you have a strap?” Agatha asked. Rio shook her head, knocking more hair askew in front of her face. </p><p class="calibre7">“My ex took it.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And I guess it was the only one in Lancaster. Did she whittle it herself?” Rio snorted at this, as if against her will, and she slapped Agatha’s sternum with the flat of her hand. It was a damn shame about the cock because Agatha needed to be inside of her in a way that made her feel stupid and confused and somewhat ashamed of herself. </p><p class="calibre7">Without realizing what she was doing, Agatha reached up and pressed back the hair that had fallen loose from Rio’s face. She tucked it behind her ear and when it was done Rio was looking down at her, her expression equally as stupid and equally as confused.</p><p class="calibre7">She started to push her hips down again and Agatha pushed up. With her hair out of her face Agatha could see her manner shift and warp with gratification. It took so little to please her—Agatha’s stomach, the inseam of her own jeans—and she was so brazen about showing it. </p><p class="calibre7">“Take your shirt off,” the last time she’d made this command, it had been delivered almost indifferently. Now she gasped it out as if in distress. Rio seemed to notice this, and her hips stopped moving, and she peered into Agatha’s face warmly.</p><p class="calibre7">“My shirt?” She asked, like she was an idiot, which Agatha was beginning to realize that she was not. </p><p class="calibre7">“Your shirt.”</p><p class="calibre7">“This shirt?” Rio plucked at the hem of it and Agatha, tired of the game, sat up and began to tear it from Rio’s body herself. There was a delighted gasp, and a sigh when their bare skin touched. The sound of fabric hitting the floor beside the futon. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha’s hand found its way between their bodies and between Rio’s legs as if on its own recognizance. She was wet, twitching, greedy-feeling. Naked, finally naked, except for those stupid socks. Agatha felt the hot satisfaction of a job well done.</p><p class="calibre7">Her miscalculation was that Rio’s face and her face were now mere inches from each other, and Rio was intent on watching her. So when she slid two fingers into Rio’s cunt, she saw every minute shift of Rio’s expression, every flutter, every spasm. When her mouth slackened and she gasped, Agatha could taste her breath.</p><p class="calibre7">Overcome, Agatha made to look away, to look downward to where their bodies connected. But Rio took her face in her hands before she could and held her head in place, right in front of her, made her watch when she started to fuck herself on Agatha’s fingers.</p><p class="calibre7">She came to understand Rio’s earlier distress, because Agatha, too, was beginning to act in ways she could not explain to herself. She watched Rio’s face raptly and Rio kept her eyes open and strangely focused, “Can you feel me?” Rio asked and then clenched her muscles around Agatha’s fingers. Hot, tight. She stroked downward and clenched again. They both gasped, “Tell me.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha knew when she was being asked to self-incriminate, and that she could not, by any means, tell Rio how good she felt, how wet she was, how gorgeous she looked, nor how desperate Agatha was to destroy her completely. Instead, she pressed her hand up at a new angle and tasted Rio’s startled moan as she did. </p><p class="calibre7">She curled her fingers in against the spongy spot inside Rio and Rio shivered and her eyelids fluttered. She did it again and Rio made a strangled noise and couldn’t keep her eyes open this time, and again and Rio collapsed her head against Agatha’s shoulder, breaking their connection. Agatha held her there with her free hand stroking her hair and the one between her legs curling and thrusting, harder and faster, until Rio seemed to give up entirely on matching the rhythm.</p><p class="calibre7">“Let go, Rio, it’s okay,” Agatha murmured, sounding kinder than she intended, gentler, more fond. She could feel Rio’s death grip on her own orgasm, as if she was afraid to let it slip away from herself altogether, “Honey, it’s alright. Just let go.”</p><p class="calibre7">A sound tore out of Rio and she shot her hand down between her legs, grabbing Agatha’s wrist, stilling her. Her body was trembling, “Wait,” She gasped, and pulled her face out of Agatha’s shoulder, “Wait a second, wait.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Are you alright?” Agatha’s brow knitted together, “Wrong angle?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t want to come like this,” Rio leaned her body back. She was flushed solid red all the way down to her collar bones, then splotchy down to her navel, like she was having some kind of fevered allergic reaction. </p><p class="calibre7">The dark hair between her legs was sticky and matted with her own fluids, Agatha’s spit. Agatha wanted to call her a poor sport and almost did.</p><p class="calibre7">“Are you insane?” She said instead, abashed by the note of reverence she heard in her own voice. With the hand holding Agatha’s wrist, Rio began to slide her fingers from her cunt. Agatha curled them and Rio made a high-pitched squeaking noise, and then pinched her.</p><p class="calibre7">“Don’t be an asshole,” she admonished, then finished pulling Agatha free of her with a gratified, bereft sigh, as if she were also questioning her own sanity, “Lay down.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re not the one calling the shots here,” she Agatha, but lay on her back anyway. She was curious, after two aborted attempts, what circumstances Rio would deem appropriate to have an orgasm under. Did it require being fanned with a palm frond? Being fed grapes by a scantily clad woman? </p><p class="calibre7">But Rio only arranged their legs so that Agatha’s were spread and bent at the knee and Rio was crouched diagonally across her pelvis, Agatha’s left thigh between her own. and all at once Agatha realized exactly what she was doing. She laughed.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m sorry to break it to you,” she said, propping herself up on her elbows, “But that doesn’t work.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio raised an eyebrow, “Have you ever tried it?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Of course I’ve tried it.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Have you ever tried it with me?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha laughed again, pleased by Rio’s folly and hubris, “How about this—we’ll try it, and then when it doesn’t work, we go back to me doing whatever I want to you. That a deal?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio started to take down the band of Agatha’s underwear, not looking very much like she thought that would happen, “Sounds fair to me,” when Agatha’s underwear was wrested from her, Rio’s eyes went between her legs and she paused and sort of stopped breathing, “God, you’re wet.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha hadn’t even realized until then, but when Rio said it she felt the ache opening up in her, starting between her legs and crawling up to her ribcage like a malignant cancer. Because she could no longer focus on Rio’s desire the only place to put her attention was on her own.</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck me, that’s hot,” Rio breathed again, still staring down at Agatha’s cunt, even using her thumb at her mons to pull the skin up so she could better see. Agatha let her. She understood that the jig had, to some extent, been up from the moment that Rio noticed her.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio bent and pressed a strangely tender kiss to Agatha’s stomach, then shuffled up and resumed her previous position. This time, without the barrier of her underwear, Agatha could feel where Rio’s heat hovered just over her own, and felt oddly terrified that this <em class="calibre9">would </em>work.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio took her right leg in her hand and pushed it up so that the knee was folded to Agatha’s chest, opening her further, keeping a soft grip at her thigh. Agatha realized with a start that her own hand was resting on Rio’s left ankle, that it had pushed down the band of that stupid sock and that her fingers rested above a faded stick n’ poke tattoo of a mountain range. Rio covered that hand with her own and seemed altogether as content hovering up there as a king in her throne. </p><p class="calibre7">She considered Agatha for a long time. Agatha blushed. “Are we just going to sit here all night?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Seem pretty eager for somebody who doesn’t think that this is going to work.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re one strike away from jerking off alone in your bedroom tonight.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio smiled. She pressed a kiss to Agatha’s knee. Then she pushed her hips down so that they slid together. <em class="calibre9">Oh, man, </em>Agatha thought. </p><p class="calibre7">She could not have explained why none of her previous fumblings on this subject had been effective, nor why, when Rio did it, it felt like being licked by the hot, open mouth of God, any more than she could have explained her own reason for staying on that farm for so long. </p><p class="calibre7">It was the closest she’d been to a person in perhaps years. When she tried to scuttle that thought away she found that it refused to be scuttled. If anything it grew louder, and her feelings for Rio grew warmer, as if kept in a greenhouse and left to multiply. What a nightmare it was, to give Rio the satisfaction.</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck,” Agatha gasped, her voice warbling and distant, as if from a dream. Rio stroked against her again and Agatha rolled her own hips and the futon knocked against the wall, and then against the desk. Something fell to the floor, “Oh, fuck, oh my God.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio kept a grounding hold on her thigh. Her eyes were open and watching, and Agatha no longer saw the fun in making her look away. It was as if she was viewing the world’s hazy reflection from beneath the water’s surface. And there was Rio. And Rio was holding her. And Rio was making her body feel the way it was feeling. </p><p class="calibre7">And Rio was moving her hand from Agatha’s thigh to brace it against the mattress and Agatha said, “no, no, put it back,” said, “don’t stop touching me, please.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Rio placated her, put her hand in its rightful place. Agatha wasn’t sure she’d ever been placated before, particularly not when she asked for touch, asked to be attended to.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio kept speaking to her, babbling from that far off place above the water. “That’s perfect,” She said, and sighed, and jerked her hips harder, “Oh, fuck, perfect, that’s perfect,” Her hand gripped Agatha’s lifted leg, like she couldn’t think of another word, like she was begging Agatha to save her from herself, “Agatha, you’re perfect, you’re perfect—”</p><p class="calibre7">Every time she said it, it was like she tightened a screw. Agatha realized that if she kept talking like that, kept saying that word, that she was going to come, and that she would not be able to stop it, “Say something else,” she gasped, and watched Rio’s brow furrow as if lost somewhere in thought, felt her hips falter for a moment before resuming her previous pace.</p><p class="calibre7">“I can’t, I can’t,” Rio sighed finally<em class="calibre9">, </em>like she really was sorry, “I can’t think of anything else. I’m sorry, you are, you’re perfect.”</p><p class="calibre7">And just like that, the wire in Agatha snapped and she came. Her hand shot out and she took the closest object to her, a throw pillow with a horse cross stitched onto the front, and pressed it into her face to muffle the yell. </p><p class="calibre7">Above her, behind the pillow, she could feel Rio’s frantic thrusts and hear Rio saying <em class="calibre9">Jesusfuckingchristfeelssofucking—agathafuckfuckmejesus—</em>and then, marvelously, she felt Rio pour against her, sticky and wet. Agatha could have come again in two seconds just on that feeling alone. Of Rio’s release, of Agatha’s own name behind it.</p><p class="calibre7">They lay side by side in the viscid aftermath, chests heaving and bodily fluids drying and the world around them alive and screaming. It only took about thirty seconds post orgasm for Rio to turn to Agatha and stroke her fingertips across the curve of her breast, “I know you were very clear earlier about your feelings on second rounds,” she murmured, then took her mouth and laved at Agatha’s ear, “But maybe you could reconsider given the earth shattering sex we just had.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Earth shattering? Who said earth shattering?” Agatha said, and squirmed. Her body was covered in goosebumps and her nipples were rock hard and she was fooling nobody. Even her cunt was stirring, the dirty traitor, at the barest promise of Rio’s attention. </p><p class="calibre7">“You don’t feel like the earth was shattered?” Rio rolled half on top of her, “In that case I think that we should try harder.”</p><p class="calibre7">“We should,” Agatha’s voice sounded so small and so soft that she hardly recognized it. When Rio sucked her earlobe she sighed and shivered. When Rio tweaked a nipple her hips bucked. She purred Rio’s name. <em class="calibre9">Purred </em>it. Invited her in for another go. Basically begged her to do it.</p><p class="calibre7">“<em class="calibre9">Oh</em>, baby, oh—” Rio sighed when she climbed down Agatha’s body, like Agatha was a precious object and belonged to Rio. She imagined herself as a prized marble, as a pair of new shoes. But, funnily enough, when Rio put her mouth against her cunt, she could only really picture herself as Agatha. </p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha had fallen asleep in the blue light of dawn clinging to Rio and with her nose tucked into Rio’s armpit. When she woke some hours later, naked and sticky and hot, she was alarmed and upset to find herself alone, and the room quiet.</p><p class="calibre7">And then, of course, she was alarmed and upset twofold at her own reaction. Agatha pushed the mishmash of blankets from her lap and began to crawl naked in search of her scraps of clothing.</p><p class="calibre7">They’d knocked the phone from the desk and it lay with the receiver out of the cradle and the voicemail light blinking. Agatha picked it up and played the message as she crawled.</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha, this is J—fuck it, <em class="calibre9">you know who this is. </em>Listen to me very carefully, do not fuck the farmer in order to extort her for her genetically deformed calf, okay?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Oopsie,” said Agatha. She found her sleep shorts.</p><p class="calibre7">“If I have to use those words to explain why our research is inadmissible to the department head, you’re fired and you’re never getting another research job in this city.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You don’t mean that,” said Agatha.</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t mean that,” sighed Jen, “Just—call me. Call me right now. Hang up the phone and call me.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha pulled on her shorts and t-shirt, and then she did just that, sitting on the floor of the bedroom. Her pelvis was sore, and where was Rio? Her absence made Agatha feel childish. She’d fallen asleep with her, she’d been meant to wake up with her, too. It was simple math, really. She forced her mind to focus on something else.</p><p class="calibre7">Jen picked up on the second ring, “Jesus fucking Christ almighty Agatha, what the fuck?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha wondered what her reaction would have been if she had seen her crawling around on the floor of the guest room with come drying in every crevice on her body, “Good morning to you too, sunshine. What time is it, by the way?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Are they keeping you in a dungeon without clocks?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yes, but they feed me real well.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Where are you? You sound funny.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I sound funny? I’m fine.”</p><p class="calibre7">There was a long moment of silence on the other end, “Oh my God,” Jen said finally, voice stolid, “You really did fuck that farmer, didn’t you? Oh my God!”</p><p class="calibre7">“Jen—”</p><p class="calibre7">“I knew it. I knew it. When I looked at her picture in the paper and saw how hot she was I <em class="calibre9">knew </em>this was going to happen. Agatha!”</p><p class="calibre7">“<em class="calibre9">Jen—</em>”</p><p class="calibre7">“We need to drop our research and start finding a cure for whatever the fuck it is that’s wrong with you. Are you insane? Did you get hit in the head by farm equipment?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Can we save the cutting personal insults until after 9?”</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s 9:30.”</p><p class="calibre7">“There we go. Thank you,” Agatha knocked the back of her head against the wall, “Not that this is going to make you feel any better, but I don’t think it matters. The calf thing is probably not happening.”</p><p class="calibre7">A long, incredulous pause, “What do you mean ‘probably not happening’?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I mean that these women seriously want Michael to die amongst her people, or something. With her mother.”</p><p class="calibre7">“M—who’s Michael?”</p><p class="calibre7">“The cow. The calf. Whatever, it’s a long story.”</p><p class="calibre7">A longer pause, more incredulous, “But you slept with her.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Sorry, are you saying you <em class="calibre9">wanted</em> that to work?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t want it to be for nothing.”</p><p class="calibre7">“It wasn’t for nothing.”</p><p class="calibre7">“What was that?”</p><p class="calibre7">“What was what?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Your voice again. You sounded defensive.”</p><p class="calibre7">“That was funny the first time, but now it’s starting to piss me off.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha, you made our department head cry at a budget meeting last year because he wouldn’t order the kind of pens you wanted. You’re telling me that you fucked this girl and offered her ten thousand dollars and—what?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Look, that’s how she feels. She thinks M—she thinks the calf should be put down here, with her mother, and so—whatever. If that’s how she feels, that’s how she feels.”</p><p class="calibre7">The longest and most incredulous pause yet: “Oh.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha pulled the phone away from her face and gave it a disgusted look before putting it back, “Oh? What oh?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I just—” A shuffling, as if Jen was putting something away, “Sounds like she fucked you, not the other way around.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh yeah, haha, yuck it up,” Jen <em class="calibre9">was</em> laughing, “Not going to be very funny when I come home with nada. You <em class="calibre9">will </em>be reimbursing my gas, by the way.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Get a cooler from the dollar store and a bag of ice and you can bring her back over here after she goes. Better than nothing.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha pinched the back of her hand, “I don’t know. They probably want to stuff her and mount her head or something.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You really have lost your touch.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I haven’t lost shit. I rocked her world.”</p><p class="calibre7">“If that’s how she feels, that’s how she feels.”</p><p class="calibre7">Cackling on the other end of the line, “Alright, you know what—fuck you.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck me? That’s the best you’ve got?”</p><p class="calibre7">“They’re classics for a reason,” Agatha paused, “I might have something else for you, though. A consolation prize, maybe.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well,” said Jen, “It can’t be any worse than what you just told me. Shoot.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">When Agatha stumbled into the living room sometime later, it was noiseless and still. “Rio?” She called, and moved through the foyer into the kitchen.</p><p class="calibre7">The same man from the previous morning was there using the telephone. He hung up when he saw Agatha, who was regretting having worn the cropped shirt and the sleep shorts rolled at her hips. He kept a cigarette behind his ear and took it and stuck it in his mouth. He kept another in his breast pocket, which he removed and offered to Agatha. She was touched.</p><p class="calibre7">“No, thanks,” she said, “Sorry—what’s your name?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Joseph.” Joseph said, and lit his cigarette with a match produced from the same breast pocket.</p><p class="calibre7">“Joseph,” Agatha parroted, “Have you seen—Rio, or Lilia, or—”</p><p class="calibre7">“Outside,” Joseph gestured with his pointer finger, which was calloused and stained like he spent a lot of time rolling cigarettes, “They all went outside some time ago,” her paused, puffed out some smoke, then tutted, like what he was about to say was a real shame, “To tell you the truth, I think one of their calves died.”</p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">In the telling of any good story, there is a beginning, a middle, an end. In the end, Michael died overnight, next to her mother, mere feet from the spot she’d been born howling into the world. A miracle, an anomaly, a calf. Her mother had to be calmed and restrained by William and Rio in order for her body to be removed from the pen. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha never saw this. She was too busy sleeping. In her dreams, she was still laying in the arms of a stranger who had called her <em class="calibre9">perfect</em>, again and again, because there was nothing else for her to say. </p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">When Agatha got to the barn, Rio was standing outside talking to Alice. She wore a tank top and denim shorts and had pulled half of her hair into a bun, strands of it dangling around her face. </p><p class="calibre7">She turned her face at Agatha’s approach and, upon seeing her, her expression recast from dour to almost relieved. When Agatha was a little girl, before foster care and before snake girl and before she’d been ejected from her house, there had been a summer where every time her mother turned on the radio in the car it was playing one of Agatha’s favorite songs. It lasted two weeks. It was the only time in her life that Agatha had ever felt lucky.</p><p class="calibre7">That was how it felt to see the relief on Rio’s face. Hot day, shopping trip with mom. Lou Reed on the radio.</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha, hi,” Rio seemed to physically restrain the urge to reach to Agatha when she was close enough, “Did you—did Joseph talk to you?”</p><p class="calibre7">“He told me what happened,” Agatha confirmed, and Rio said: “Alice, we’re going into the barn for a minute,” and Alice said, “Of course, we’ll talk later.”</p><p class="calibre7">There was only one other thing in the emptiness of the barn. A little lump on the floor of the far pen, wrapped in a sheet covered with small primroses that seemed made for a little girl’s bedroom.</p><p class="calibre7">“It was unexpected,” Rio started as soon as the door was shut behind them. The air inside was stiflingly hot and dust motes floated in the beams of light that crisscrossed down from the windows. The barn held almost the quality of a church, “She went overnight, in her sleep, we didn’t put her down. I’m sorry, Agatha.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha paused and looked at Rio very hard for a moment, unsure of what to say, “<em class="calibre9">You’re </em>sorry? For me?” It was the kind of reaction that only could have come from Rio, and Agatha felt herself ache knowing it.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio glanced over at the sheet—at Michael, Agatha realized, at Michael—and said: “The second we found her I wondered if I really made the right choice. Maybe I should have just given her to you the first day you came here.”</p><p class="calibre7">But then, of course, Agatha had become very sure that Rio <em class="calibre9">had </em>made the right choice. She considered where she would be if she had left that day and felt a stab of relief that she was living in the timeline where she hadn’t, “That’s a nice sheet.” </p><p class="calibre7">“Oh,” Rio had been biting one of her thumbnails and stopped, glancing back over at Michael, “I picked it out for her. We have a bunch out in the garage. In my head, I thought she’d like the flowers. Although, I realize now that I’m saying it how stupid that is.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha reached out her hand and placed it on Rio’s chest, over her sternum, fingers on skin, palm on fabric. Rio stared back at her dumbly, the tips of her ears red. “It’s a nice sheet.” Agatha said again. </p><p class="calibre7">“We thought we would bury her in it. We don’t customarily bury the animals, but it seemed like a nice thing to do, given—” Rio paused and her mouth tightened, “—but I was talking to Lil, and we agreed that it would be alright if you wanted to take her. You wouldn’t have to give us any money or anything, not that you would, because she’s dead. But if her body would do anything for you, you can have it. We’ve got a big cooler out in the garage that we never use, and…”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio trailed off, eyes searching Agatha’s face. Agatha kept that hand on her chest. She realized that it was over Rio’s heart only when she felt the pump of the muscle speed up, “It wouldn’t be any use to us. You should bury her here. That sounds nice. That sounds like a nice idea.”</p><p class="calibre7">The hot press of Rio’s hand covering her own, “I’m sorry I left this morning,” she said, “I swear I meant to come back before you woke up.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I barely noticed,” Agatha lied. Rio’s hand squeezed. She smiled. She dipped her head in.</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio, I—oh,” Lilia’s figure appeared in the doorway of the barn and then half retreated as if unsure, “Alice said you’d be in here. Hi, Agatha.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Hi there,” Agatha reclaimed her hand and folded her arms. Rio shoved her hands into the pockets of her shorts. Lilia hovered.</p><p class="calibre7">“William is outside,” she said finally, after a long, pregnant pause, “He wants to know if he’s digging a grave.”</p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">And so William did dig a grave, under Agatha’s watchful tutelage. “I think the industry standard is six feet,” she pointed out when he claimed to be finished at two or three, and when he groaned and rolled his eyes she followed up with, “I’m just telling you what I think it is.”</p><p class="calibre7">It was in a nice spot, on a hill from which you could see the cornfield and the paddock and the barn. Michael would never be far from her mother. Another thought that Agatha tried to scuttle, but could not.</p><p class="calibre7">In the end, her funeral was attended by six people. It was the hottest day of the year. Agatha still wore her rolled shorts and her scissor cropped shirt and Alice and Joseph joined them, Joseph not really understanding but feeling the gravity of the situation nonetheless. He said a prayer.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha wondered if, if not for them, anybody would have spared a thought to Michael, to her passing. Probably not. And yet there she was, being buried under the auspices of some strange custom that did not belong to cows. Being thought of and spoken about.</p><p class="calibre7">“Do you want to say something?” Agatha asked Rio once the last of the dirt was piled on. Rio turned her face up to the breeze and seemed to be listening to something.</p><p class="calibre7">After a minute, she said, “I’m sorry that she didn’t get to save humanity, or whatever.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha looked at Rio, and then back down to the grave, “I think she did alright, for a cow.” She replied, and surprised herself with how much she meant it.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Rio gave her a towel and a new pair of underwear and Agatha showered in the upstairs bathroom amid their soaps and conditioners and the eucalyptus hanging from the shower head. When she descended the staircase, Rio was there at the bottom, her hand on the bannister, as if waiting for her.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hi.” Rio said.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hi.” Said Agatha. She stood on the bottom stair, her hair still damp and hanging over one of her shoulders. </p><p class="calibre7">“I just wanted to let you know that Lilia is making lunch. Pasta salad, and then stuff to pick on. Lemonade.”</p><p class="calibre7">“That sounds nice.”</p><p class="calibre7">“So you’ll stay?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Of course.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio nodded and tapped a knuckle against the wood of the railing, “Then after, it’ll be about four, so…”</p><p class="calibre7">“Lunch is going to take two hours?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Got anywhere else to be?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I guess not.” Agatha said, and smiled. She put her hand on the bannister next to Rio’s. Their pinkies rested near one another. </p><p class="calibre7">“It’ll be about four, in which case, you should just spend the night and leave in the morning.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You think so?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I do.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You’d be the expert,” Agatha paused, “I wanted to talk to you and Lilia about something, anyway. It’s about Michael’s mother,” when Rio’s eyebrow shot up as if in concern, Agatha continued, “It’s not bad. But I told my PI about what you said, about her stillborn babies. It’s not quite the slam dunk Michael was, but it could be a gene, or—well, we could take tests. Samples. Blood, shit, saliva. It wouldn’t pay ten thousand dollars, but we could give you some kind of stipend. I could get you a good deal.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And these samples,” Rio said, “How would we get them to you?”</p><p class="calibre7">“You could send them, or we could come to you,” Agatha edged her pinkie closer to Rio’s, “Every couple of weeks or so, at least for a little while.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well,” Rio peered into her face, eyes bright, “We’ll have to talk to Lilia about it, but I guess I don’t see why not.”</p><p class="calibre7">For a moment they just stared at each other, and Agatha could feel the enormity of the previous day and the morning and the day to come all pressing down on her chest. She almost said something stupid, something honest, but Rio, as she had been doing more and more recently, saved Agatha from herself right at the eleventh hour.</p><p class="calibre7">“I was thinking about you earlier,” she admitted, almost shy, “I was looking out on the hills before I let the animals out this morning and they reminded me of how you looked when you were sleeping, on your side.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha reached out with her pinky and looped it over Rio’s. She smiled.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Heaping plates at lunch, an afternoon spent picking cherry tomatoes with the kid, all of them too full and feeling too strange to eat much for dinner. Laying about the living room with the A/C going full blast. Rio losing the argument against another night of the Cranberries.</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia offered to read Agatha’s tarot, and Agatha declined. She had a suspicion that Lilia might actually be able to see the future and was too content that evening to care much about what her’s was meant to be. </p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Later that night, much later, when Rio crawled onto the futon, she leaned into Agatha’s ear hot and wet and said <em class="calibre9">lord, look at you, </em>like the same God that had made Agatha and Michael and Rio and the rest of them was watching them with pleasure. For a second, Agatha swore she felt those eyes on her and shuddered. </p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Rio insisted on walking her back out to her car the next morning. She stood while Agatha got into the driver’s seat and then tilted toward the window much the same as she had the first day they’d met. </p><p class="calibre7">“So you’ll be back in a couple weeks?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I can be. I can also send Jen, if you’d prefer.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Depends,” Rio leaned down so that her hat caught against the roof of Agatha’s car and nearly came off her head, “Is she as pretty as you are?”</p><p class="calibre7">“She wishes,” Agatha said, and reached out to take the stupid hat off entirely. Rio grinned; there were her dimples, there were her imperfect teeth. A weaker woman would have given everything up right then and kissed her, so Agatha did. After, she put the cap in her driver’s side seat.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hey, that’s mine.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I took your cigarettes, too,” Agatha turned the key in the ignition and her car roared to life, “See you in a couple weeks.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Hey, wait,” Rio smacked the roof of the car with the flat of her hand, “Your number. I don’t have your number.”</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s in the papers I gave you.” Agatha said, putting the car into reverse. Rio slow walked with it.</p><p class="calibre7">“Where in the papers?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Guess you’ll have to read them again.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Wh—<em class="calibre9">Agatha!</em>”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio kept her hand on the roof of the car until Agatha pulled away, and only then did she straighten, hatless and befuddled, and stand to watch as Agatha drew all the way down the driveway. She watched the whole time until Agatha was out of sight. For all Agatha knew, she might have watched after, too. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha turned on the radio. The DJ had either fallen asleep or died in the middle of playing the Dixie Chicks’ titular album. <em class="calibre9">Wide Open Spaces </em>played for the first time as Agatha cruised down <em class="calibre9">Pickett Ln Pvt Dr, </em>and Agatha rolled her eyes and spat out her window.</p><p class="calibre7">It played again somewhere down highway 222 not far from the fruit stand, in the middle of Agatha’s attempt at steering with one hand and pulling free one of Rio’s cigarettes with the other. </p><p class="calibre7">This time, Agatha sang along.</p><p class="calibre7">“<em class="calibre9">What it holds for her—</em>” Agatha paused and mumbled along as she lit her cigarette, then rejoined the song once she’d taken a drag, “—<em class="calibre9">she knows the higher stakes—”</em></p><p class="calibre7">She rolled the window down, felt the air. Another dog day, just as she’d suspected. This time, Agatha stuck her head out the window and felt the breeze on her face. She tried to enjoy it. This time, this time, <em class="calibre9">this time, </em>miracle of unknowable miracles—it worked. </p>
</div>



</div>

<div id="afterword" class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre8" id="calibre_pb_6"></div>
</div>





</body></html>
