<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>blood of christ, mountain stream - seabiscuit - Agatha All Along (TV)</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="userstuff1" id="chapters">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_3">Chapter 1</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">The only reason that Dr. Jennifer Kale had ever subscribed to <em class="calibre9">The Lancaster Farmer </em>was because her cousin had taken first place in a pumpkin growing contest sometime in the late ‘80s. By 1997, she was still subscribed, but had no good excuse.</p><p class="calibre7">When Agatha ran out of things to make fun of her for, which wasn’t very often, she always had <em class="calibre9">The Lancaster Farmer </em>subscription to fall back on.  True that Jen was the PI and Agatha naught but a lowly postdoc, but that wouldn’t stop Agatha from asking her if they taught her to pipette like that on the farm when she dribbled something out of a test tube.</p><p class="calibre7">The summer of 1997 in Philadelphia was the hottest that Agatha could ever remember enduring. People broke the caps off of fire hydrants and let their children free in the spray. It was the kind of summer that made one vaguely grateful to be a researcher toiling away in the cool basement of a university lab.</p><p class="calibre7">On Sundays, she and Jen had taken to getting an iced coffee and sitting in Rittenhouse Park to argue for a while, as if they didn’t see enough of each other already. Agatha had recently broken up with her girlfriend and begrudgingly embraced celibacy, given that she was ill-suited for its foul shadow, intimacy, and she had realized somewhere at the beginning of the summer of ‘97 that Jen was maybe the best she was ever going to get in terms of a relationship.</p><p class="calibre7">When Agatha was mean, Jen was mean too. Their conversations could be mistaken for relationship-ending arguments. That was what Agatha liked, and what saved her from wasting away in her apartment all summer like a shut-in. </p><p class="calibre7">Jen lived on an enviable Fitler Square block that might have fooled people into thinking they were in a more refined city—Park Slope, perhaps—which Agatha hated. There were certainly no children running through fire hydrants there. </p><p class="calibre7">On that end of July Sunday, Agatha made the schlep up the stairs to Jen’s third floor walk-up. When she arrived at her door, there was a newspaper laid out on her step. A smile tugged at Agatha’s mouth. She bent over and picked it up, studying the headline.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">The front page of that Sunday’s issue of <em class="calibre9">The Lancaster Farmer </em>was the first time Agatha Harkness ever saw Rio Vidal’s smiling face, and the first place she ever saw Michael. </p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">The telling of any good story necessitates a beginning, a middle, and an end. The beginning of this one could have been Jen’s cousin planting that pumpkin seed, or it could have been the many cells that made up Michael’s perfect body splitting akimbo. Or, perhaps, the beginning could have been just there; in the hallway of Jen’s apartment building, Agatha holding the copy of the newspaper.</p><p class="calibre7">The photo of Rio and Michael, the banner headline. <em class="calibre9">Miracle at Area Farm. </em></p><p class="calibre7">“Holy shit,” Agatha whispered. And just like that, everything changed.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">“I just spoke to somebody at the farm,” Jen said, emerging from her bedroom. Agatha was waiting on the couch, a cup of coffee in her hand, “And I have good news and bad news.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “Good news first.”</p><p class="calibre7">“The only place this has been published is <em class="calibre9">The Lancaster Farmer. </em>The calf was born alive. The calf is still alive. Nobody else has contacted them about her yet.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha’s pupils turned to dollar bills as she thought about the pharma money that was about to roll in from this. The notoriety in their field. They would write papers. They would write several papers, “Alive means we can take samples,” She said in a rush, “And run tests.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yes, but,” Jen paused — the bad news, Agatha reckoned, “They are not keen on giving her up.”</p><p class="calibre7">A long silence, “Did you offer them money?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Of course I offered them money.”</p><p class="calibre7">“How much money?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha,” Jen said, “I don’t think the money is the issue.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">And so it was that Agatha Harkness found herself spending her Sunday writing a 25 page report on all of the good a two-headed calf could do for society (“Make it bleed,” Jen said, “This woman strikes me as the sensitive type.”). She had no home computer and so wrote half of it by hand in a legal pad at the kitchen table of her South Philly apartment, the window open, the box fan flapping the pages.</p><p class="calibre7">When it was finished, and typed up on one of the university’s computers, and printed at great personal expense, Agatha married the pages with a binder clip and put them in the boot of her car. </p><p class="calibre7">On Monday, she left for Lancaster.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">The telling of every good story necessitates a beginning. Perhaps many beginnings. Consider this one: Agatha getting into her cherry red Toyota and pointing it west. Pressing on the gas pedal. Driving forward.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha stopped at a fruit stand somewhere off of Highway 222 and muddied her sneakers looking for the ripest strawberries on the table. It had been colder in Philadelphia that morning and she’d worn a sweater, a red crewneck that had <em class="calibre9">Temple </em>stitched on the front, but standing there in the dead central Pennsylvania heat, she felt only overhot and aware that she’d announced herself as an interloper.</p><p class="calibre7">She dined on the strawberries sitting on the hood of her car, a brand new (when she got it) 1988 Toyota that she’d bought as a gift for herself when she’d been accepted into her PhD program. A little girl in a bonnet and thick rimmed glasses peered at her from behind a line of dresses strung up with clothespins. There was no wind. They did not move. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha rode on flicking strawberry tops out her car window and occasionally referring to her Mapquest print out. She tried to keep her eyes on the road though her only companions were the occasional horse and buggy. It would be just her luck to become an accidental Amish family annihilator.</p><p class="calibre7">By the time that she turned onto the road marked <em class="calibre9">Pickett Ln Pvt Dr, </em>it was going on four in the afternoon. Agatha was too hot in her sweater but had not the foresight to wear an undershirt, and the strawberries, though delicious, had only satiated her for perhaps an hour. </p><p class="calibre7">When she steered her Toyota into the long gravel drive in front of the blue farm house, she did so hungry and uncomfortable. Agatha sighed, killed the ignition, and slumped back into her seat for a moment. </p><p class="calibre7">In the empty seat beside her, Agatha lifted the Mapquest directions to glance at the copy of <em class="calibre9">The Lancaster Farmer </em>underneath, where Rio Vidal smiled up at her from black and white print. <em class="calibre9">Miracle at Area Farm</em>. It was front page news.</p><p class="calibre7">There was a knock at the driver’s side window and Agatha startled. When she turned, the woman from the newspaper was standing in front of her in full color. Agatha cranked down her window.</p><p class="calibre7">“Howdy,” Said the woman, apparently unashamed of sounding like a backwoods parody of herself. Agatha disliked gauche people, and so hated her immediately. The woman placed her forearm on the top of the car and leaned in to further disturb Agatha.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hi,” Agatha replied, “You must be Rio.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And you must be here about Michael,” Rio’s face was round and her features were dark. Her skin had taken on the color of somebody who spent all day out in the sun and she seemed to be fighting against some sort of innate seriousness of expression. There was a silver stud in her nose and her black hair was pulled back in a ponytail and tucked beneath a ball cap. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha figured, despite the air of pleasantness about the conversation, that the dislike was mutual, “Michael?”</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re from the university, aren’t you?” Rio continued, “Jen?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Not Jen,” Agatha said.</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, the woman who called. Her name was Jen.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yes, but I’m not Jen,” Agatha pursed her lips, “Can you move so I can get out of my car? I’m sweating my ass off in here.”</p><p class="calibre7">Instead of moving away, Rio leaned in closer, until her head was half inside Agatha’s window. Agatha angled her body back and felt her face get hot. </p><p class="calibre7">“I think it might save both of us some time if you tell me what you’re here for,” Rio said, “I told Jen that Michael isn’t for sale.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Who is Michael?” Agatha asked again, exasperated. The gearshift was digging into her back. Rio was looking at her, and her eyes were dark like little blots of oil. </p><p class="calibre7">“You’d probably know if you’d read that article past the headline,” She gestured with her chin to where the newspaper lay half exposed under Agatha’s print out. Agatha shot a hand out to cover it again.</p><p class="calibre7">“Jen thought it warranted a face to face discussion.”</p><p class="calibre7">One dark eyebrow lifted on Rio’s face, “And she chose you as her emissary?”</p><p class="calibre7">“How did you even know I worked for the lab?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s gaze shifted again, this time to Agatha’s chest. Agatha was about to say something indignant, even if the attention made her a little hot at the nape of her neck, before she remembered what was stitched right at the front. “Go Owls,” Said Rio.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “I’m getting out of my car now. You can move or I can knock you over, your choice.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio took the second option, making her only a little smarter than Agatha first assumed. When Agatha’s sneakers hit the gravel of the driveway, she stretched upward, then shut the car door. </p><p class="calibre7">Standing across from her, Rio wore a big John Deere t-shirt tucked into her pants and blue jeans that looked to be on life support. Somebody had darned holes in the knees with bright red yarn.</p><p class="calibre7">Her ball cap, though, was from an Ani DiFranco concert in ‘96. Everybody, Agatha supposed, was entitled to have layers.</p><p class="calibre7">“The University has given me authorization,” Agatha began once she’d stretched, crossing her arms and trying to give Rio some of that hard tack look that had intimidated professors and PIs alike. It only seemed to water Rio, like she was a big sunflower, “Has authorized me to pay you very well for—for the—”</p><p class="calibre7">“—for Michael?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Is that her name?” Asked Agatha. She was still staring at the Ani DiFranco hat, and she was trying very hard to not let it endear her to Rio, who was very annoying, “Michael? You named her Michael?”</p><p class="calibre7">“We let some of the kids from the grade school vote on it. It was in the paper you didn’t read.”</p><p class="calibre7">“The University has given me authorization to pay you very well for…Michael. You just have to name your terms. I have a checkbook in the car and you will find me a very agreeable negotiator,” Not usually true, but goddamn was Agatha hungry.</p><p class="calibre7">“So you can do what with her,” Said Rio, removing her cap. Underneath, her hair was damp with sweat. She pushed it back and held the cap under her armpit, “I mean, what’s she going to do in Philadelphia? Go to the PMA?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha pursed her lips, “She will contribute invaluable data to scientific research that could help thousands—”</p><p class="calibre7">“—after you kill her, right?” Rio swatted a fly from in front of her face and sniffed.</p><p class="calibre7">“Before that, we’ll run tests, do labs—she’ll be very comfortable.”</p><p class="calibre7">“But you’ll still kill her,” Rio pressed, then added, “Eventually.”</p><p class="calibre7">“We use very humane euthanasia methods. PETA couldn’t find something on us if they tried. I’ve got all the paperwork in the car.”</p><p class="calibre7">“That won’t be necessary. Answer’s still no.”</p><p class="calibre7">“If you would just read the paperwork I brought, it discusses—”</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s a living thing,” Rio’s face gave into that connatural earnestness. To Agatha’s surprise, the turn of expression made her lovely, “And I think that she has the right to live as much as you or I do, regardless of the way she was born.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Of course she has a right to live,” Agatha said, “And she’s lived much longer than I would have ever expected she would.”</p><p class="calibre7">“But you’re here to take her away and kill her?”</p><p class="calibre7">“That is a very uncharitable interpretation of what we’re trying to do. And inaccurate.”</p><p class="calibre7">“She can’t make decisions for herself. If she dies, I think it should be on her terms. Not locked up in some lab.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha felt her stomach tighten with frustration and hunger. Her skin itched where she was damp around the collar of her sweater, “She just had to be born on womyn’s land, didn’t she? Couldn’t have been on a, a,” Agatha scoffed, threw up her hands, “Monsanto farm or something. I wouldn’t even have to pay them for her, she’d already be dead. I’d just have to dig through their trash.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s eyes narrowed and finally she wore an expression of contempt, “All you people ever want to do is kill every strange thing in the world.”</p><p class="calibre7">All at once, the hunger and heat boiled over in Agatha. She’d always been good at feeling angry, ever since she was a little girl. She tried to forget the way Rio’s face had morphed, and the way she’d felt when her eyes lingered on her chest, and focus on the anger, “<em class="calibre9">You people</em>? You don’t know the first damn thing about me. You don’t even know my name,” Rio’s eyebrows raised a little when Agatha said this, as if she hadn’t yet considered that Agatha had a name, “You don’t know anything. I drove three hours from Philadelphia, I’m hot and I’m starving, and you are being extremely rude.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s mouth lifted into a smile. She looked like she’d forgotten all about the scorn she’d just felt, “<em class="calibre9">I’m</em> being rude.”</p><p class="calibre7">“The least you could do,” Agatha continued in a huff, walking to her car and wrenching open the trunk and producing the thick stack of papers held together by a binder clip, “Is read the papers I went out of my way to bring over here.”</p><p class="calibre7">She stomped back to Rio and pushed the papers into Rio’s arms. Rio took them, even as her mouth said, “I didn’t ask for these papers. I didn’t ask for you to come here at all.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m here now,” Agatha said, “And I’m not leaving until you read them.”</p><p class="calibre7">“What’s your name?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha blinked, “My name?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Your name, you just said I didn’t even know it,” Rio had the papers clutched to her chest and the cap slipping from underneath her armpit and a bewildered expression hanging on her face. To Agatha’s horror, now that she had recognized Rio as beautiful, she couldn’t unsee it, “And I want to know it now.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’ll leave if you read the papers. I drove 3 hours.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’ll read the papers if you tell me your name.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Agatha,” Agatha said, feeling at once vulnerable and disturbed by her own vulnerability. She had divulged her name thousands of times, written it, spoken it, been given it against her will. In grade school children teased her about it because it sounded like a witch’s name, like Agatha lived in a cottage propped up on chicken legs and boiled babies into a stew. That idea no longer bothered her, but Rio smiling did, “My name is Agatha.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well, Agatha,” Rio said, “Here you are.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Here I am,” Agatha agreed stiffly, “I can wait in my car while you read those.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Do I seem like a person with an abundance of time to sit down and read a bunch of papers?” Rio shifted the papers somewhat in her arms.</p><p class="calibre7">“You could just say yes and then we could both go about our days.”</p><p class="calibre7">They stared at each other for a moment. Then, Rio turned on her heel and began to walk away. Agatha stood in stunned silence for a moment before going after her.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hey,” She called, “We’re not done here.”</p><p class="calibre7">“We definitely are,” Rio called back, not turning her head, “Lady, I do not have time to read whatever the hell it is you just gave me.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You don’t even want to know?” Agatha stopped, out of breath, hot and upset, “I cared enough about this to come all the way the hell out here just for this, I’m literally chasing you through your farm, and you’re not even a little bit curious why I might be doing it?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio paused, still not turning around. </p><p class="calibre7">“Why’s it so important?”</p><p class="calibre7">“The papers,” Agatha panted, “It’s all in the fucking papers.”</p><p class="calibre7">They lingered in stillness for another moment, and then Rio again began to walk forward. Agatha rolled her eyes. Her head fell back. She groaned.</p><p class="calibre7">“Are you serious?” She called.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio said, “If you want to see her—the reason you came all the way the hell out here—you can follow me.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha needn’t have worried about her sneakers before. They were ruined by the time she and Rio alighted at the back barn, which had taken them on a journey around the farm house and through a bucolic, wildflower-speckled paddock where half a dozen animals grazed in pasain harmony. </p><p class="calibre7">Rio pushed open the door to a small, red and white structure. She had put her hat back on but still had Agatha’s papers tucked beneath her arm. Agatha sneezed, then looked ruefully down at her shoes.</p><p class="calibre7">“Jesus christ,” She said, “Is this a farm or a mud and pollen factory?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Both,” Rio chirped. She led Agatha into the barn, which smelled like hay and cow shit. They walked down rows of empty corrals until they reached the only occupied stall, “There she is,” She said of Michael, the lone calf, who was shakily trying to get to her legs.</p><p class="calibre7">She was vermillion, with white and sable brown spots, and clumsy. God had given her a second head but not the grace with which to carry it. Michael stumbled and then arranged herself on the hay floor like a prawn, all curled in on herself. Four black eyes peered onward from the sides of her heads. </p><p class="calibre7">It was as she had been in the picture, two snouts, two half-formed faces. One of her mouths had an underbite and a cleft palate. Eventually, she gave up on keeping her heads aloft and lay them on the hay covered floor with the rest of her. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha wanted to look away, but made herself stare for a moment. She didn’t want to seem weak in front of Rio, who was staring at Michael with a doting expression.</p><p class="calibre7">“Isn’t she something?” Rio asked. Finally, blessedly, Agatha allowed herself to avert her eyes.</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s something.”</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s the same color as you,” Said Rio. Agatha  turned to her and squinted.</p><p class="calibre7">“What?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Her brown spots,” Rio gestured to the calf, then turned to Agatha, and when she turned, she was smiling. Agatha frowned. “Are the same color as your hair.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Gee, thanks,” Agatha pushed off the stall gate and went to stand a few paces away, suddenly needing air, “I bet you say that to all the girls.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Only the pretty brunette assholes,” Not a big hint taker, Rio moved to stand beside her, “It’s getting late. What exactly was your big plan if I said no?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I haven’t heard a real no yet.”</p><p class="calibre7">“No, you’ve just chased me around the perimeter of my property like a crazy person.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And yet, here we are. Still talking. And it’s not like you’ve thrown those papers into a manure pile.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Even if I was to agree to read these, which I’m not saying I have,” Rio said, “It wouldn’t happen until after dinner. Maybe even later.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck,” Agatha let her head fall back. Her stomach twisted in empty agony at the mention of dinner and she closed her eyes to keep from getting a look at Rio’s stupid face. She took a breath of the stagnant air and coughed, “Is there any way we can just fast forward through this? You name your price, I agree to it, and I’m on my way to eat a steak dinner at Friendly’s.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio laughed, “That’s your reaction to seeing her? Steak dinner?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha’s eyes opened and she whipped her head to Rio, irritated, “What do you want me to say? I saw pictures of her in that puff piece in the paper. I study congenital defects, including polycephaly. Not exactly my first rodeo.”</p><p class="calibre7">“But have you ever seen it?” Rio nudged, “In real life. In something alive, not in a jar.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Never alive,” Agatha admitted.</p><p class="calibre7">“And now that you have you still want to,” Rio squinted, “Take her back to a lab and euthanize her?”</p><p class="calibre7">“You want to know how that makes me feel?” Agatha bit out, gesturing to Michael’s stall, “It makes me feel sad, okay? I see an animal with a serious congenital abnormality. One of her heads is clearly underdeveloped. I assume from the fact that you don’t have her out in the field that the lethargy and difficulty with standing isn’t because she just had a nice, long, nap,” Rio pursed her lips and looked away, “I’d give her two weeks. Maybe a month. An <em class="calibre9">uncomfortable </em>month. Or, I take her back to Philadelphia, give her a good meal, a snuggle, and an easy death, and she becomes a part of research that will better humanity. Not bad for a calf born in bumfuck, Pennsylvania.”</p><p class="calibre7">“What do they call you at your lab,” Rio asked. She was standing with her hands on her hips and a wrinkle in her brow, “‘The Closer’, something like that?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I want that cow,” Agatha said, her voice measured, even, “And the only thing standing between her and me right now is you. So name your price.”</p><p class="calibre7">“My price?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Your price.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t have a price.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Every person on this floating shitpile of a planet has a price. What’s yours?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio glanced at Michael’s stall, then back to Agatha. With her free arm, she pushed up the brim of her hat so that Agatha had a better view of her face. She was smiling, “I’ll give her to you for a million dollars.”</p><p class="calibre7">Electricity in Agatha’s body, bright and hot. She wanted to call it annoyance or starvation, but knew better. Sometimes she liked not getting her way just as much as she liked winning. It was an excuse to use brute force.</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck you,” Agatha bit out, and then turned her head to spit on the floor. Rio’s smile widened.</p><p class="calibre7">“I thought you said you were an agreeable negotiator?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m also an awful liar,” Agatha said.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio said, “If you insist on staying why don’t you come in for dinner? Mama Lil always makes too much.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “Tempting offer, but I think I’ll wait in the car.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Ten minutes later, they were together inside the house. It was old but loved enough to be kept good, and fat with history. In the mudroom, Agatha kicked off her ruined New Balances and left them in a pile next to a hodgepodge of other shoes. In the hallway outside the kitchen, she studied the pictures that cluttered the walls and half listened to Rio and—<em class="calibre9">Mama Lil</em>—in the other room.</p><p class="calibre7">The women in the photographs were young, braless, pretty, handsome. Some of them had Farrah Fawcett haircuts and some of them buzzcuts. They held chickens in their arms and laughed brightly at the camera while they milked cows. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha rolled her eyes. </p><p class="calibre7">“Where is she?”</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s through here,” Rio and Mama Lil’s voices became clearer and louder until a curly, grey-haired woman poked her head through the kitchen door and regarded Agatha seriously.</p><p class="calibre7">“I thought we told your friend that Michael wasn’t for sale,” The woman, Mama Lil by process of elimination, said. Her eyes narrowed.</p><p class="calibre7">“We wanted to make sure you had all the information you needed before you made your decision,” Responded Agatha diplomatically, although she was about two seconds away from ripping one of the photographs from the wall and smashing it to the ground, “I gave Rio some papers.”</p><p class="calibre7">Mama Lil’s eyes narrowed further and she pulled her head back, slamming the door shut. There was the sound of muffled, urgent conversation, and then the door opened again and Mama Lil’s unruly head showed itself, “Dinner is in an hour,” She said, “Rio will get you a beer.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha had guessed by the name <em class="calibre9">Mama Lil </em>that this would be a woman who wore earth-toned caftans, and was correct. The kitchen that they sat in was a testament to the journey that had taken her from <em class="calibre9">Lilia Calderu, </em>the name affixed to a framed mugshot from the 60’s hanging in a place of honor next to the wall phone, to <em class="calibre9">Mama Lil. </em>Every inch of the walls were covered with framed bits of ephemera, some of obvious origins — protest signs — some more esoteric — a large banner advertising psychic readings for $1.</p><p class="calibre7">The three of them sat in front of a roast chicken at a round birchwood table surrounded by mismatched chairs. Agatha eyed it suspiciously.</p><p class="calibre7">“I sort of thought that you guys would be vegetarians,” She said, ”All things considered.“</p><p class="calibre7">Rio, who had changed into what were apparently her dinner clothes — blue jeans with no holes and a white t-shirt that read <em class="calibre9">Been there, done that, still plowin’ — </em>put a paper towel into her lap, “We eat meat. Just nothing with soulful eyes.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Noted,” Agatha picked at the label on her beer. They sat together in a moment of strained silence, not eating, eyes darting around the table as if at any moment one of them might produce a loaded gun. </p><p class="calibre7">“Rio,” Lilia said finally, “This is absurd. What is she <em class="calibre9">doing </em>here?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I am very patiently waiting for Farmer Rio to read the papers I brought and that she promised me she’d review,” Agatha eyed Rio askance, feeling a hot annoyance boil over, “Perhaps you could have brought them to the table?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I didn’t bring her here,” Rio said testily, “She insisted on staying.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I said I’d wait in the car, <em class="calibre9">you </em>invited me to dinner.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well, screw me for having common decency.”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio clearly had no idea who she was dealing with. Or maybe she did and this was just what farmers did for fun in want of literally anything else. </p><p class="calibre7">“Rio said she’d read my papers,” Agatha said, and took a bite of her chicken.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m not sure I <em class="calibre9">did </em>say that.”</p><p class="calibre7">“So you’re going to, what,” Lilia began, “Spend the night here if Rio doesn’t do what you want?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I can sleep in my car.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Like hell you—” Lil began, and Agatha was about to rise to the occasion when Rio stoppered them both.</p><p class="calibre7">“Just calm down a second, Jesus. She should stay here, shouldn’t she? Where else is she going to go, the Motel 6 off the highway? She’ll be killed.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t see how that’s our problem.” Said Lilia. Agatha rolled her eyes.</p><p class="calibre7">“Call it humanitarian concern,” Rio quipped.</p><p class="calibre7">“If you would just read the goddamn papers,” Agatha said, setting her fork down with a clatter onto the tabletop, “Tonight, then I could be out of your hair before desert.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Michael isn’t for sale,” Said Lilia, “Which we told your colleague and which Rio told you. I have no idea why Rio is insisting on this—this—whatever this is, but stay one night or stay twenty, the answer is the same.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I didn’t insist on anything,” Rio put her hands to her chest and turned to Lilia, “<em class="calibre9">She’s </em>the one who says she’s not leaving until I read them.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And I’m not,” Agatha spat, “So read the fucking papers.”</p><p class="calibre7">Just then, the front door opened and there was the sound of a pair of boots being kicked of mud on the step. ”Hiya!” A boy’s voice called. There was the tromping of feet in the hallway, and then he appeared at the doorway of the kitchen, all gangly 6 feet of him. He had a dark crop of curly hair and a Green Day t-shirt and could not have been older than nineteen-or-twenty. “What’s for dinner?” He said, and flopped into the chair next to Agatha. As he did so, he finally seemed to notice her presence, “Oh, hi.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Do you want some water, Billy?” Rio asked, passing him the chicken. The boy shook his head.</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio,” Lilia continued, “Why don’t you go upstairs, read the damn papers, and tell this woman to hit the road.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Billy’s here now,” Said Rio, taking the plate back and setting it on the table once the boy had taken his portion, “Can’t we just have a nice dinner and talk about this later?”</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia said, “Don’t make William a part of this.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Uh,” Said the boy, William or Billy, who had his brow pinched and his eyes observing the goings on at the table, “Sorry, so who is this?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Rio, can I talk to you?” Lilia said, wiping her mouth with her napkin and then tossing it to the table, “Privately?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Privately” turned out to be out the screen door next to the fridge and into the humid July evening, which pulsed with fireflies and crickets. When they stepped out, a wave of air conditioning blew out and a wave of hot air blew in, and stuck even after the door was shut.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha and William-or-Billy sat in silence for a moment. Then, the boy turned to her and stuck out his hand, “I’m William,” He said, “I’m WWOOFing with Rio and Mama Lil this summer.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha eyed his hand, then crossed her arms, “Of course you are.”</p><p class="calibre7">Outside, Rio and Lilia raised their voices enough that the muffled sound of their arguing was audible in the kitchen. </p><p class="calibre7">“Do they argue like this a lot?” Agatha asked. William smiled, the corner of his eyes crinkling, and pulled his hand back. He didn’t look offended.</p><p class="calibre7">“They’re both stubborn. And most of the time they’re both right.”</p><p class="calibre7">The door swung open and the two women reemerged, not looking very much like they’d struck a truce. They resumed their spots at the table in silence.</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re from Temple?” William asked. He was sitting forward in his chair, elbows on the table, like he could hardly contain his curiosity.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha took a pull of her beer, which was going lukewarm, “That’s right.”</p><p class="calibre7">“So you must be here to see Michael.”</p><p class="calibre7">Lilia’s eyes flashed as if she was getting ready to start again, but Rio put a hand on her forearm, and to Agatha’s surprise, she settled. “Let’s not, okay? Agatha, if you want to stay here tonight, you are welcome to the futon in the farm office.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Ritzy. I heard there’s a Motel 6 down the street where I could get murdered. That could also be exciting,” Agatha suppressed a burp. At least now she was full, “Or, you know, you could just read the papers.”</p><p class="calibre7">“If you want me to read them, it’ll be on my time. You’re welcome to stay or not to stay,” Rio looked at Agatha from underneath her eyelashes, seeming self satisfied from whatever victory she’d won out in the back yard. Lilia had her eyebrows up around her hairline in a sort of <em class="calibre9">I told you so </em>gesture. William just seemed happy to be there.</p><p class="calibre7">“Futon sounds great,” Agatha bit out, and shoved a bite of chicken into her mouth. Her gaze swiveled to Lilia, “So this is yours? This place? It looks like it was some kind of lesbian separatist commune in the 70’s, judging by the,” Agatha took another drink of her beer, “By the pictures on the wall.”</p><p class="calibre7">Lil gave her a guarded look, “Good eye. I wouldn’t have pegged you as an expert.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I dabble,” Agatha replied, and smiled at the faint expression of surprise, or perhaps respect, that passed over her opponent’s face. “A little light on lesbians these days, isn’t it?”</p><p class="calibre7">When she turned her eyes to Rio, the other woman’s cheeks had a faint dusting of pink. She was picking around at her chicken with her fork but not making any obvious progress toward eating it. Some of her earlier bravado had sloughed off.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha almost did a double take. Well, she’d be goddamned.</p><p class="calibre7">“Times have changed,” Said Lil, “We do what we can.”</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s nice,” Agatha mopped up the last of the chicken juice on her plate with a piece of bread and chewed, “Places like this. I think it’s nice that they exist. Great chicken, by the way.”</p><p class="calibre7">In the aftermath of her words, the table sat in a stunned sort of silence, as if unable to cope with the specter of pleasant conversation. Rio cleared her throat and said, “After dinner we usually smoke a joint in the living room and play some records. You’re welcome to join us.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh jeeze,” Agatha said, screwing her face up, “Fun as that sounds, I think I’m going to have to pass.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">Rio showed her to her room shortly after, which was a repurposed study tucked off the back of the house. The space was cramped and the aforementioned futon was nearly touching a scuffed-up oak desk with an ancient computer sitting atop it and a desk phone beside. When Rio reached down to pull the futon into a bed, the two did touch.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha had turned on the desk lamp and the room was dimly lit in amber. The insulation must have been shit because the sound of cicadas screaming outside was quite clear.</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s right, you know,” Rio said, fussing with a stack of throw blankets on the futon. She had her back to Agatha, half bent over.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hm?” Agatha toyed with the pull chain of the lamp.</p><p class="calibre7">“Mama Lil is right, the answer, no matter what,” Rio straightened and turned to her. She crossed her arms, looked consternated, like she couldn’t quite figure how they’d ended up there, in that room. Agatha couldn’t quite figure it either, “Is no.”</p><p class="calibre7">“So read the papers,” Agatha said, still toying, “And tell me to go.”</p><p class="calibre7">They stared at one another for a moment. Rio looked tired. “You shouldn’t let Mama Lil bother you,” Rio said finally, “It’s not personal.”</p><p class="calibre7">“That’s too bad. I was kind of hoping that it was.”</p><p class="calibre7">“She just has a thing about authority.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m a researcher, not a cop.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You’re the man,” Rio replied, a small smile tugging at her lips, “And Lilia Calderu doesn’t care much for the man.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha propped her hip against the side of the desk and folded her arms. For a moment, she wished she could see through Rio—beyond her skin and into the meat and muscle and bone of her—instead of being stuck staring at her irritatingly palatable face. A face almost too nice to be random. </p><p class="calibre7">“That thing you said earlier,” Rio looked down at her hands and sniffed, wriggling her nose as if trying to get something out of it, “About dabbling.”</p><p class="calibre7">Now this, at least, was interesting, “What about it?” Agatha asked.</p><p class="calibre7">“Nothing,” Rio dropped her hands, pulled at the hem of her shirt, rubbed one of her eyes. She was like a schoolgirl, blushing and twitchy. Agatha thought of those women in the photographs, their nipples visible through their shirts, and wondered what Rio’s nipples looked like. </p><p class="calibre7">She dismissed the line of thought out of hand. Rio was young, and her sworn enemy for the duration of Agatha’s stay. It wouldn’t do to get sidetracked by ideas of how the pebbled flesh would feel in her mouth, against her tongue, or responding to the nip of her teeth. </p><p class="calibre7">“Ten thousand dollars,” Agatha said finally, vexed by herself, “I could write you a check for ten thousand dollars right now. How does that sound?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio’s small smile went big in a flash and her bravado returned, which vexed Agatha then almost to the point of oblivion, “I mean, it sounds great. I wonder what the strings attached could be?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Just a dying two headed calf,” Agatha said, and when Rio shrugged, she continued, “You don’t disagree that she’s dying.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t know,” Rio said, “I have no idea what’s going to happen. Isn’t that kind of the point?”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio left not very long after. She’d brought Agatha a pile of night clothes from a previous WWOOFer, a t-shirt somebody had cropped with a pair of scissors and a pair of shorts that were two sizes too big. Agatha donned them and rolled them at her hips.</p><p class="calibre7">She began her inspection of the room then, not that there was much. Agatha peered at the bookshelf, the Eagles pennant on the wall, and then it occurred to her that she should call Jen and let her know that she wasn’t being held captive in a barn somewhere (although, in the back of her mind, she wondered if the truth wouldn’t end up sounding stranger than fiction.)</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha picked up the desk phone and slumped back into the chair at the desk. She punched in Jen’s number and then began to open drawers as she waited.</p><p class="calibre7">
  <em class="calibre9">Hello, you’ve reached Dr. Jennifer Kale, please leave a message and —</em>
</p><p class="calibre7">“Jen,” Agatha started as soon as the beep sounded, elbow deep into a pile of papers in the first drawer of the desk. She cradled the phone against her shoulder to increase her rifling ability, “How many times do I have to tell you that putting <em class="calibre9">doctor </em>in your name in your answering machine message makes you sound like an asshole? Re-record it, I’m serious,” Agatha pulled a file from the drawer and began to flick through it absently as she spoke, eyes skimming the papers. They were invoices, account statements, “Listen, I just called to tell you to cancel the BOLO you have on me. I’m fine. I’m at the farm. You would love it here, very salt of the earth, very woo hoo—Jesus, do gooding really doesn’t pay, does it?” Agatha quipped to herself upon seeing one of the more recent account statements, “Look, this might take a little longer than I thought. It’s fine. I’m fine. But this place is some kind of failed lesbian commune run by an aging ex-psychic and her little protege. So I’m sure you can imagine the situation I’ve found myself in,” Agatha paused, her thoughts dragged back to Rio, “I think one of them has a little crush on me, if you can believe it. The protege. She’s a kid. She’s like, 26 on an old day. Anyway, call me, the number is—” Agatha glanced around the room, then down at the desk. She rifled half heartedly through a stack of sticky notes, “—whatever. Star 69 it. I repeat, I am fine. Okay. Bye.”</p><p class="calibre7">She hung up, kept rifling. There was a half-smoked soft pack of American Spirit blues wedged between invoices for cattle feed. This brightened Agatha’s spirits.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha lit her cigarette laying on the futon and smoked it out the open window right behind her bed. She was not very much of a country person and found the silence that lay behind the screaming of the cicadas pretty damn unnerving. </p><p class="calibre7">She figured she’d barely doze. But, to Agatha’s personal humiliation, when she slept, she slept sounder than she had since she was a child.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">The house was quiet when she awoke the next morning. Agatha stumbled out of the farm office into the stillness of the living room, and then went to the mud room to slip her feet into her New Balances.</p><p class="calibre7">She found the remnants of an overnight bag in the boot of her Toyota, leftover from those halcyon days when she’d had a girlfriend. It had two pairs of clean underwear and a granola bar in it. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha crammed the underwear into her pocket and ate the granola bar then and there, sitting on the edge of her trunk. When she was a child, Agatha’s father had introduced the phrase <em class="calibre9">the dog days, </em>and used it liberally according to a math only he was privy to. Now that Agatha was older she felt she had inherited that innate knowledge for when and what was a <em class="calibre9">dog day</em>, and knew that this was one such. </p><p class="calibre7">She turned her nose into the breeze and tried to enjoy it, failing immediately. She spat into the dirt and turned to return to the house. </p><p class="calibre7">A change of underwear later and Agatha hit the streets again. She went across the paddock to the barn again without realizing it, then pushed open the door.</p><p class="calibre7">The building was empty except for Michael and, this time, her mother. The larger cow swished her tail peevishly when Agatha approached their stall, chuffing out her nose. Beneath her, Micheal lay on her side, the rise and fall of her rotund stomach the only signal that she was alive at all. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha looked on at the two of them, an awful stirring in her chest like heartburn. What an ugly, wretched thing Michael was, she thought bitterly. What a blighted thing, what an unlucky thing.</p><p class="calibre7">As she thought it, Michael’s mother folded her legs down until she was resting next to Michael. Then she dipped her head in and tenderly, gently, she licked her daughter’s heads. </p><p class="calibre7">The hot feeling in Agatha’s chest exploded, and she looked away in disgust. To stand in front of the two of them and witness this seemed unbearable. It had been a bad idea to go see Michael in the first place, which Agatha knew. She left the barn, this time in search of Rio.</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">She found her intrepid farmer and the bane of her existence throwing bales of hay from a cart attached to a tractor somewhere in a distant corner of the field. </p><p class="calibre7">This was a dog day, and so every inch of exposed skin that belonged to Rio glistened with sweat. </p><p class="calibre7">“Oh,” Said Rio when she noticed her, tilting the brim of her hat back, “Uh, hi,” Agatha wondered what could possibly be driving the tenor of this reaction. When she looked down at herself, she realized that the shirt she wore had been cropped with somebody much shorter in mind, and that a strip of her stomach was visible in the mid-afternoon sunlight. She tried not to dwell on the fact that Rio now knew her bellybutton as an outie, “What’s up?”</p><p class="calibre7">“What’s up?” Agatha squinted, “Done any good reading recently?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Does it look like I’ve been doing a lot of reading this morning?” Standing above her in the trailer bed, Rio put her hands on her hips.</p><p class="calibre7">“Day’s young,” Agatha said, shielding her eyes from the sun with a flattened hand. </p><p class="calibre7">“Look, Agatha,” Rio hopped out of the trailer and wiped her hands on her jeans. She stood just a hair too close to Agatha and ramrod straight so that she was a hair taller, too, but even this posturing could not cover the schoolboy mooniness of her eyes. She was playing this game with her cards face up on the table, “We really can’t go on like this, okay, the answer is no. No, Michael is not for sale.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Read the papers.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m not gonna read the papers,” Rio leaned in further. They were quite close, Agatha realized. Close enough that she could smell the sweat that clung to Rio’s skin, “I don’t care if God himself wrote them, it’s not changing our minds.”</p><p class="calibre7">“God didn’t write them, I did. I spent a lot of time and a lot of effort writing them,” Agatha put her hands on her hips, “Just like I spent a lot of time and a lot of effort getting three degrees.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Lady, I don’t know you from Adam. I don’t know about the time you spent writing those papers, and I don’t know about your degrees.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Do you know what the chances are of a calf being born with polycephaly?” Agatha asked. Her eyes studied Rio’s face, “1 in 400 million. The chances of one being born alive, even less. The odds that one lives for more than a week…”</p><p class="calibre7">Rio said, “She’s a miracle.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha said, “She’s an anomaly. She’s an aberration. If she had been born anywhere else, you would be getting swarmed with researchers trying to do the same thing we are. But because the only place this was published was the freaking <em class="calibre9">Lancaster Farmer, </em>we were the first to know. I will never in my career get another chance like this.” Without thinking, Agatha reached out and seized Rio by the front of her shirt. Rio’s eyebrows lifted and her lips parted in surprise, “If you think I’m walking away from this just because some little girl thinks she can act smart with me you’re dead wrong. Michael wasn’t meant to die in obscurity on some tiny farm. You’d be an idiot to let her.”</p><p class="calibre7">She released Rio’s shirt and Rio stumbled backward. </p><p class="calibre7">“Sorry,” Agatha said, her head clearing, “I didn’t mean to grab you like that.”</p><p class="calibre7">“That’s alright.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I get worked up about my research.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I see that now,” Rio looked exhilarated.</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha glanced down again at her exposed midriff and decided that it couldn’t hurt to use it as a fatal blow. She bent backward somewhat under the guise of stretching her back and let the shirt go inching up, and Rio’s eyes go inching down.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’ll read them,” Rio said to Agatha’s stomach, and then looked back to her eyes, “If it’s really that important to you. Tonight, at dinner, I’ll read them.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">True to her word, when Agatha arrived at the dinner table that evening, Rio had the papers spread out in front of her. There was some kind of summer salad sitting in the center of the table, full of variegated colors. </p><p class="calibre7">“You’re still here,” Lilia said when Agatha arrived, as though she hadn’t already set out a place for her. William turned in his seat and grinned at her.</p><p class="calibre7">“Hey, Agatha.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha had changed back into her jeans but left the scissor-cropped shirt on. She took her place at the table and reached for the salad. “Still here,” She confirmed, “But not for long.”</p><p class="calibre7">“What the hell did you do to her?” Lilia asked over a sip of what looked like lemonade, “Rio isn’t really a reader by nature.”</p><p class="calibre7">Indeed, Rio was jiggling her knee under the table and mouthing silently along with the words she read, as if processing them was taking every ounce of brain power that she possessed. </p><p class="calibre7">“Shut up, Lil,” Rio grumbled, not taking her eyes from the paper in front of her. She had her elbow on the table and the heel of her hand digging into her forehead, “This is complicated science stuff.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I wrote it at a fifth grade reading level,” Agatha said, and smiled pleasantly when Rio shot her a glare. </p><p class="calibre7">“You’re probably excited to go back to Philadelphia,” Said William around a bite of salad. Lilia gave him a stern look, like she didn’t approve of him conspiring with the enemy, but offered no reproach.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’d be more excited if I was leaving with Michael,” Agatha regarded Lilia from the corner of her eye, “Did your colleague here tell you I offered her ten thousand dollars?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Of course she did,” Lil said without missing a beat, “Seems like an awful lot of money for a state university research lab.” When she said this, she had a look on her face like—Agatha couldn’t quite read it. It may have been interest. </p><p class="calibre7">“We have quite a bit of pharma funding.”</p><p class="calibre7">The curiosity was gone in a flash and Lilia rolled her eyes, “Of course. It’s always big phar—”</p><p class="calibre7">“Mama Lil,” William interrupted her with a raised eyebrow, “I get that this is kind of an awkward situation, but can we just try to have a nice dinner? When was the last time we had a guest?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I don’t know if I’d call Agatha a guest,” Rio said, looking up briefly from her reading.</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s the closest thing we’ve had since I’ve been here,” William continued, “And I, for one, am interested in her research. Is it all about, like, stuff with two heads?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Moreso congenital defects generally,” Agatha replied, picking around at her salad, “But I’ve always had an interest in supernumerary body parts.”</p><p class="calibre7">“In animals?” Lilia asked, looking interested in spite of herself. Agatha shrugged.</p><p class="calibre7">“When I was a kid, I lived in a foster home where the family kept snakes,” She took a bite of her salad, chewed, “One of them had a two-headed baby in her clutch of eggs. It was born dead, of course,” Agatha blinked and thought of herself holding its frail body in her hands and crying. She’d spent more time with the snakes than the family, whom she’d been banished to while her mother served time for attempting to shoplift a thousand dollars of merchandise from a strip mall Macy’s. One of her foster siblings had caught her and told the school and from thereon in she’d been <em class="calibre9">snake girl </em>and kids had hissed at her when she walked through the hallways—<em class="calibre9">hey snake girl, tss tss—</em> in her thrift store outfit and backpack that recognizably came from a church charity event. Agatha had always liked animals better than people, “Ever since then, I’ve just been…interested.”</p><p class="calibre7">When she looked up from her salad, all eyes at the table, including Rio’s, were on her. “That is fucking awesome,” said William after a beat of silence, “Wow.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Did you grow all of this here?” Agatha asked, seized by a violent urge to change the subject. She didn’t like the serious way that Rio was regarding her, like some puzzle piece had just fallen into place for her, “It’s good.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yes,” Mama Lil responded, “We try to only eat what we grow, if we can.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And what happened to all of those women,” Agatha gestured behind her to the hallway with the photographs, “Those women in the pictures?”</p><p class="calibre7">“They came and went,” Lilia responded simply. Her demeanor was still suspicious, but she seemed no longer in the mood for scrapping. That was okay. Neither was Agatha, really. “That’s the way of things. When I came out here in ‘65 there were fifteen women living here, now it’s just me and Rio and the kids who WWOOF with us. Rio will take it over when I can’t anymore. Who knows what will become of it in the future.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Ten thousand dollars could go a long way in that regard,” Agatha said, “You know it could.”</p><p class="calibre7">She expected a sharp retort. Instead, Lilia just looked at her like she didn’t disagree. </p><p class="calibre7">“Okay, enough,” William said, setting his fork down and wiping his mouth with a napkin, “No more talking about Michael. Everybody here has stuff in common, but we’re too busy arguing with each other to enjoy it. I want to have a nice dinner, I want to go to the living room and smoke a joint and put on a record, and I want Agatha to tell me about all the cool two-headed shit she’s dissected.”</p><p class="calibre7">All eyes then turned to William, who looked steadfast in his conviction. Rio’s knee had stopped jiggling. </p><p class="calibre7">“Have you ever been to the Mutter Museum, kid?” Agatha asked. William shook his head, “I’ll tell you all about it after dinner.”</p><p class="message">*</p><p class="calibre7">The living room was as cluttered as the rest of the house, every surface covered in some item of memorabilia. The big old sofa was draped haphazardly with throw blankets and lamps hung from the ceiling with shades covered in chintzy fake jewels. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha sat on one end of the couch and swatted at the leaf of an enormous monstera that squatted beside the arm. The wallpaper, too, was covered in a vine motif. Agatha thought it was all a bit overkill.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio squeezed beside her in the middle seat with the joint in her hand and Mama Lil settled herself onto the other end with a copy of a paperback titled <em class="calibre9">Wicca: A Guide for the Solitary Practitioner. </em>Agatha suppressed an eyeroll. </p><p class="calibre7">“What should we listen to?” William asked from the record player. He was squatted next to the stand rifling through the records that sat beneath it, “Cranberries?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Not for the third night in a row, no.” Rio replied, lit the joint, inhaled, and went to pass it to Agatha. She paused halfway there, “You do smoke, right?”</p><p class="calibre7">This time, Agatha could not keep the eye roll inside, “No, officer. Which end do I put in my mouth?” She reached over and snatched the joint from Rio. </p><p class="calibre7">“You never know with you academic types. Where are you from, again?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Trenton,” Agatha said with her mouth wrapped around the joint, inhaled, and then passed it back over to Rio and then to Lilia, “But my mom kicked me out when I was a teenager for, you know, dabbling. I’ve lived in Philadelphia for longer than I ever lived there.”</p><p class="calibre7">For a moment, Agatha braced herself for the awkward pity that such a statement usually brought forth in people. Next to her, Rio did stiffen for a moment, but then Lilia said, “Don’t mind Rio, she’s just ashamed because her parents still love her.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well, I can’t help that, can I?” Rio said, blushing and snatching the joint back from Lil, puffing on it self consciously. Agatha laughed.</p><p class="calibre7">“My parents sent me away to Catholic school. All girls, of course,” Lilia said, opening her book and licking her thumb to flick a page, “I squandered that opportunity as fast as you’d expect for a fifteen year old. Ended up homeless in New York City.”</p><p class="calibre7">“My parents run a PFLAG chapter,” Chirped William, who had forgone his hunt for the perfect record and was then sitting criss-cross on the floor and leaning backward on his hands.</p><p class="calibre7">“Times have certainly changed,” Lilia said, and turned another page in her book. </p><p class="calibre7">Agatha was already starting to feel a little fuzzy. Rio’s bare arm was rubbing against her bare arm and causing a pleasant friction. She smelled like weed and hay and sweat. From the window behind the couch, the sun had begun to set, and there were already fireflies coming out to dot the horizon.</p><p class="calibre7">“More?” Rio turned to her. Their shoulders were pressed together, too, and when they tilted their heads to speak their noses almost brushed. She held out the joint and Agatha took it.</p><p class="calibre7">“Did you grow this here, too?” Agatha asked. Her eyes found Rio’s and locked there, which seemed to please Rio, who smiled. The smile was a showcase for the faint dimples in her cheeks and the gap between her front teeth. Worse parents would have insisted on getting it fixed, and Agatha was quietly grateful that Rio’s had chosen not to.</p><p class="calibre7">“Of course. Out back.” </p><p class="calibre7">“Farm to table indeed,” Agatha said, took another hit, and turned to William. The kid was still sitting on the floor and appeared to have been watching them that whole time, a funny little look on his face, “Hey, kid. Aren't you supposed to be picking out a record?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Sorry,” He said, and turned back to his work, “Eugh,” He said after a moment, “So much disco in here.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Watch your mouth,” Said Agatha, “Disco is the history of our people.”</p><p class="calibre7">“History,” William agreed, “Ancient history.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Alright, hold this,” Agatha passed the joint off to Rio, who was watching this all unfold with a curious smile. She went and crouched beside William, flipping through the records until she found one that satisfied her.</p><p class="calibre7">“ABBA?” William said when she handed it to him, a look of disgust on his face.</p><p class="calibre7">“Put it on,” Agatha said, “And come here.”</p><p class="calibre7">The needle dropped. The opening strains of <em class="calibre9">Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! </em>filled the living room. Agatha took the kid by the hand and head him to the middle of the living room, “When I was your age,” She said, giving him with a twirl, “We’d take the bus up to New York City and spend all night dancing in the Village,” She twirled him again and he let her, laughing, “The best way to experience ABBA is after a leather daddy has given you a mysterious pill in line for the bathroom.”</p><p class="calibre7">They came together in a position that was some inexpert mockery of a waltz and began to trot around the room, both of them laughing. William spun Agatha. Agatha was actually having a pretty nice time. She blamed the weed. </p><p class="calibre7">“We’d dance all night,” She continued, “And then sleep at the bus station because we couldn’t afford to stay anyplace.”</p><p class="calibre7">“That sounds like a dream,” William said, beaming down at her.</p><p class="calibre7">“Sometimes it feels like it was,” Agatha spun him one more time and then released him to return to the couch.</p><p class="calibre7">They passed two, and then three hours that way. Talking and intermittently making attempts at the half-finished New Yorker puzzle sitting on the coffee table and arguing about records and disco and learning from William what gay youths were and were not doing, not that it mattered to Agatha now, but it was nice to know all the same that there were still gay youths and that they were still doing and not doing things for the same petty reasons Agatha had and had not.</p><p class="calibre7">By 11 PM it was just Agatha and Rio on the couch, and it was around that time that Agatha also noticed how close they’d been sitting to each other even after Lilia had long retired to bed and nobody had replaced her. Their knees were touching in a way that could only be described as incriminating. The way Agatha felt deep in her stomach and her chest implicated her mind in whatever charade her body was putting on.</p><p class="calibre7">Rio insisted on walking her back to her room although it was maybe 20 feet away as the crow flew. Agatha saw right through her but didn’t begrudge her for trying. It was a freebie, considering all the other things that she was begrudging Rio for. A sort of buy a few, get a couple free deal.</p><p class="calibre7">“Well,” Rio said when they were at the threshold, Agatha standing with her back to the dark and quiet farm office and Rio in front of her, “That was actually not a bad time.”</p><p class="calibre7">“The tone of total surprise,” Agatha replied, “Is what really makes the compliment pop, in the end.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m just finding myself a little sad that you’ll be gone tomorrow. Is that Stockholm syndrome, do you think?”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha actually laughed at that. It was the weed.</p><p class="calibre7">She could have pressed the issue of Michael, but didn’t. She was stoned and, further, knew that there would be plenty of time to argue about this tomorrow, and argue they certainly would. That evening was pressed as close to her as an anxious lover, its long, humid arms wrapped around her middle. A dog day, a dog night. Agatha saw no reason to disturb it.</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s not—you know, it’s not personal between us, either,” Rio leaned her forearm on the doorframe above Agatha’s head—Agatha was barefooted and Rio was wearing house shoes, so she stood a little taller than usual—and leaned in, just so, to crowd Agatha’s space. It was a move that Agatha was sure Rio had deployed a multitude of other times on lesser women to great effect. She crossed her arms and raised an eyebrow, “About Michael. I do see where you’re coming from. And having read most of your paper—it’s great. I mean, you must be really talented. And I can tell you put a lot of thought into it.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You can, can you?” </p><p class="calibre7">“Well, sure, I can tell that you must be a—” Rio paused, leaned in a little more. Agatha resisted the urge to meet her halfway, “—a really passionate person.”</p><p class="calibre7">Agatha did come closer to her, then. She unfolded her arms and put a hand on the doorframe near where Rio’s was so that their pinky fingers were almost touching. Rio’s eyes flickered to them.</p><p class="calibre7">“How old are you, Rio?” Agatha asked. There was a curious little hum low in her stomach that she was trying to ignore.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m 25.”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’m 36,” Agatha studied her face, “Have you ever been with an older woman before?”</p><p class="calibre7">A pause, long and pregnant and trembling with anticipation. Rio looked like her gearshift was stuck in neutral. Finally, she shook her head <em class="calibre9">no.</em></p><p class="calibre7">“No,” Agatha said, as if in agreement, “Just spent a lot of time thinking about it, I bet?” Rio’s face reddened nicely, which was all the answer Agatha needed to continue, “So what did you think was going to happen here—you would compliment me, I’d invite you back in here,” She gestured to the dark room behind herself and Rio’s eyes followed, as if she were there in the fantasy, “We’d sit on the futon. You’d say a few other nice things, maybe talk me into taking off my shirt? My bra?” Agatha leaned up enough that their noses were almost brushing. She hadn’t expected her rejection to be quite so graphic, nor delivered in such a breathy voice, but that humming in her lower stomach had blossomed into an undeniable ache, “Tell me I’m beautiful? Feel me up a little bit? Maybe more?”</p><p class="calibre7">The silence that followed was punctuated by the ticking of the clock in the living room. Above them, the floorboards creaked where either Lilia or William went about their evening routine, “You <em class="calibre9">are</em> beautiful,” Rio said, in a voice that suggested that it was a thought she’d tried to keep in her head but couldn’t. </p><p class="calibre7">The vulgarity of the statement splashed across Agatha like a bucket of cold water. For a moment, she considered slamming the door in Rio’s face. </p><p class="calibre7">“I’d have to teach you everything,” She said, her breath tickling Rio’s cheek, “And it just wouldn’t be worth my time.”</p><p class="calibre7">She dropped back onto her heels and crossed her arms again. Rio didn’t move back or shrink down in the way that Agatha thought she might. She seemed again to be realizing something, and the vision of that realization on her face made <em class="calibre9">Agatha </em>shrink back. </p><p class="calibre7">“I think we could both teach each other something,” Rio said with a curious certainty.</p><p class="calibre7">“You would think that, wouldn’t you?” Agatha replied and, this time, she did shut the door in her face.</p>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre8" id="calibre_pb_4"></div>
</div>


</div>

</body></html>
