<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>blood of christ, mountain stream - seabiscuit - Agatha All Along (TV)</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div id="preface" class="calibre1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h1 class="calibre6" id="calibre_pb_1">blood of christ, mountain stream</h1>
    <div class="byline">by <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/users/seabiscuit/pseuds/seabiscuit" rel="author">seabiscuit</a></div>
      <p class="calibre7">Summary</p>
      <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">“I’d give her two weeks. Maybe a month. An uncomfortable month. Or, I take her back to Philadelphia, give her a good meal, a snuggle, and an easy death, and she becomes a part of research that will better humanity. Not bad for a calf born in bumfuck, Pennsylvania.”</p><p class="calibre7">“What do they call you at your lab,” Rio asked. She was standing with her hands on her hips and a wrinkle in her brow, “‘The Closer’, something like that?”</p><p class="calibre7">“I want that calf,” Agatha said, her voice measured, even, “And the only thing standing between her and me right now is you."</p><p class="calibre7">or,</p><p class="calibre7">After a calf with a rare congenital abnormality is born on an area farm, Agatha, a researcher, goes to collect. Unfortunately, the calf's owner is not exactly keen on giving her up.</p></blockquote>

      <p class="calibre7">Notes</p>
        <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">The idea of this started as a joke I made to Fixy about one of the prompts for Agatha All Along week. The story ended up spinning out so far from the prompt that I decided to post it on it's own--thus, here we are. Enjoy!</p></blockquote>


  </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff1" id="chapters">
      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre8" id="calibre_pb_2"></div>
</div>


</div>

</body></html>
